Tomas’s Digital SAT Diagram Data
Unit 13 - Lesson 1:
1: A right circular cylinder has a height of 9 centimeters.
Area and volume: advanced (Quiz)
2: This image is a cylinder of height 'l' and diameter 'w' cut in half so that its bases are semicircles.
3: This image shows two identical circular cones sharing a base so that one points upward and the other points downward. The diameter of the cones is 'd', and the height of the two cones together is 'h'.
4: This image is a triangular prism with an equilateral base of side length 5 feet and rectangular faces of height 7 feet.
5: A rectangle of width 4 and height 3 is shown.  Sitting atop the rectangle is an isosceles triangle of base 4 and height 4.  The base of the isosceles triangle is the same line segment as the top side of the rectangle.  A vertical line of symmetry is drawn down the center of the image.  The entire image is rotated around the line of symmetry, creating a 3 dimensional object that is a cone atop a cylinder.
6: This image shows a right square pyramid whose base has sides of length 230 meters. A right triangle is drawn inside the pyramid, with its longer leg of 139 meters extending vertically from the tip of the pyramid to the center of its base, its shorter leg extending from the center of the base to an edge of the base, and its hypotenuse lying along a triangular face of the pyramid.
7: This image is a right isosceles triangular prism.  The right isosceles triangle's base is its hypotenuse, which has a length of 8 centimeters.  The prism has rectangular faces of length 9 centimeters.
8: The image is of a cube with sides of equal length.  The cube is adorned with a bow on top.
9: The image shows six identical squares that do not overlap, but are connected at their edges.  When the squares are folded in a certain way, they create the surface of a cube.
10: The image is of a cone sitting atop a cylinder.  The cone's circular base is equal to the cylinder's circular top.  The height of the cone is 2 and the height of the cylinder is 3.  The radius of the cylinder's base is 4.
11: This image shows a cone with its flat side facing upward. Its curved surface features a crosshatched pattern.
12: This image shows two identical square pyramids sharing a base so that one points upward and the other points downward. The height of one pyramid is 'h', and the length of a side of their bases is 's'.
13: The cross section of a cone is shown, and it is an isosceles triangle.  The triangle has a base of 8, which is divided into two equal segments of length 4.  The point in the middle of the base is marked, and a line segment is drawn from this point to the top of the triangle.  The line segment is perpendicular to the base.  The length of the line is 20.
14: The same image as above is shown, with the following changes.  The line segment of length 20 is divided into a segment of length 15 on top and a segment of length 5 on bottom.  A point is marked where those segments meet.  A new segment is drawn perpendicular to the vertical line segment.  The new segment represents the base of the smaller cone.  The length of the new segment is $2r$.
15: A right circular cone of radius 2 and height 3 is shown.
16: A sphere of radius $\dfrac32$ is shown.
17: This image features the same right triangular prism from above. The height of a right isosceles triangular base is now drawn and labeled as "h triangle", and the base of the right triangle is now labeled with 4 representing the segments on either side of the height of the triangle. The height of the right isosceles triangular base is shown to be perpendicular to the base of the right isosceles triangle.   The other angles in the triangle are marked 45 degrees.
18: The right isosceles triangle with base 8 is shown.  The two other sides are labelled $4\sqrt{2}$.
Unit 13 - Lesson 2:
19: Triangles A B C and X Y Z. The triangles are different sizes. But angle A is congruent to angle X. Angle B is congruent to angle Y, and angle C is congruent to angle Z.
20: Three lines intersect to form a triangle. The angles of the triangle measure x degrees, y degrees, and z degrees.
21: At the vertex where the x degree triangle angle is, the vertical angle measures x degrees, and the adjacent angles measure 180 degrees minus x degrees. At the vertex where the y degree triangle angle is, the vertical angle measures y degrees, and the adjacent angles measure 180 degrees minus y degrees. At the vertex where the z degree triangle angle is, the vertical angle measures z degrees, and the adjacent angles measure 180 degrees minus z degrees.
22: Two horizontal lines and two transversals create two similar triangles between the two horizontal lines. In the bottom triangle, the bottom left angle measures x degrees, the top angle measures y degrees, and the bottom right angle measures z degrees. In the top triangle, the top left angle measures z degrees, the bottom angle measures y degrees, and the top right angle measures x degrees.
23: A triangle has a horizontal base. Its bottom left angle measures x degrees, its top angle measures y degrees, and its bottom right angle measures z degrees. A horizontal line inside the triangle divides the larger triangle into a smaller triangle on top and a quadrilateral below. The smaller triangle shares its top angle with the larger triangle. The smaller triangle's bottom left angle measures x degrees, and its bottom right angle measures z degrees.
24: Three lines intersect to form a triangle. The left angle of the triangle measures 60 degrees, the top angle of the triangle measures 75 degrees, and the bottom-right angle of the triangle measures a degrees. The angle opposite of the 60-degree angle measure b degrees, and the angle adjacent to the 75-degree angle measures c degrees.
25: Two horizontal lines and two transversals create two similar triangles between the two horizontal lines. In the bottom triangle, the bottom left angle measures x degrees, the top angle measures y degrees, and the bottom right angle measures z degrees. In the top triangle, the top left angle measures z degrees, the bottom angle measures y degrees, and the top right angle measures x degrees.
26: Triangles A B C and X Y Z. The triangles are different sizes. But angle A is congruent to angle X. Angle B is congruent to angle Y, and angle C is congruent to angle Z.
27: Triangle ACE has horizontal base AE with length 21 and top vertex C. B is a point on side AC, and D is a point on side CE. Line segment BD has length 14, and line segment BC has length 10.
28: Triangles A B D and B C D share side B D. Triangle A B D has a right angle at vertex D. Side A D of triangle A B D is collinear with side C D of triangle B C D.
29: Lines p, q, and r intersect to form a triangle. The top right angle of the triangle measures 24 degrees. The top left angle of the triangle and a 139-degree angle are supplementary angles. The bottom angle of the triangle and an angle measuring x degrees are vertical angles.
30: Lines l and m are parallel. Line m is collinear with the base of a triangle, and line l divides the larger triangle into a smaller triangle and a trapezoid. The two triangles share the same top angle, which measures y degrees. The bottom left angle of the smaller triangle measures x degrees, and the bottom right angle of the larger triangle measures z degrees.
31: AB is a vertical line segment of length 25. DE is a vertical line segment with length 50. Line segments AD and BE intersect at point C between the two vertical line segments. The length of line segment BD is 20.
Congruence, similarity, and angle relationships: advanced (Quiz)
32: Two lines intersect in an 'X' shape and form a right angle.  A third line, which is roughly horizontal, intersects the other two lines so that all three lines intersect in a single point.  The two acute angles at the bottom of this figure are labeled. The one on the left is labeled 'x' and the one on the right is labeled 'a'.
33: The figure from the original problem is presented with an additional angle labeled.  The acute angle in the top left of the figure is labeled 'a'.
34: This image shows two triangles, A B C  and B C D, which share side B C to form parallelogram A B D C. Side A B measures 3.4 units. Side A C measures 5.1 units. Side C D measures 3.4 units. Side B D measures 5.1 units. Angle B C A measures 39 degrees. Angle C B A measures 73 degrees. Angle C D B is labeled 'x' degrees.
35: This figure shows a triangle with two rays extending from one vertex as extensions of sides and one ray extending from another vertex in the same way. The third vertex has no rays, and its angle measure is 75 degrees. The angle formed between the two rays extending from the first vertex measures 50 degrees. The angle formed by the single ray extending from the second vertex and its adjacent side measures 'r' degrees.
36: This figure shows a triangle with two rays extending from one vertex as extensions of sides and one ray extending from another vertex in the same way. The third vertex has no rays, and its angle measure is 75 degrees. The angle formed between the two rays extending from the first vertex measures 50 degrees. The angle formed by the single ray extending from the second vertex and its adjacent side measures 'r' degrees.
37: This image shows the same triangle and rays as above, but the vertex with two rays extending from it is now labeled with an angle measure of 50 degrees.
38: This image shows the same triangle and rays as above. The vertex with one ray extending outward is now labeled 55 degrees.
39: This image shows the same triangle and rays as above. The angle formerly labeled 'r' is now shown to measure 125 degrees.
40: This figure shows triangle A B C. Segment D E is drawn from point D on A C to point E on A B to create smaller triangle A D E.
41: This image shows the same triangles as above, but now angles A C B and A D E are marked congruent, and angles A B C and D E A are marked congruent.
42: This image shows two triangles, A B C  and B C D, which share side B C to form parallelogram A B D C. Side A C measures 3.2 units. Side A B measures 4 units. Side B D measures 3.2 units. Side C D measures 4 units. Angle A C B measures 32 degrees. Angle C A B measures 115 degrees. Angle B C D is labeled 'x' degrees.
43: This image shows triangles A D E and A B C, which share point A. Side A E measures 4.8 units. Side A C measures 4.8 units. Side A D measures 3.1 units. Side A B measures 3.1 units. Angle C A B measures 53 degrees. Angle C B A measures 86 degrees. Angle D E A measures 'x' degrees.
44: The figure shows acute triangle A B C.  Line segment A E is perpendicular to line segment B C and intersects line segment B C at point E.  Line segment C D is perpendicular to line segment A B and intersects line segment A B at point D.  A dashed line connects points A and E and another dashed line connects points C and D.
45: The figure shows acute triangle A B C.  Line segment A E is perpendicular to line segment B C and intersects line segment B C at point E.  Line segment C D is perpendicular to line segment A B and intersects line segment A B at point D.  A dashed line connects points A and E and another dashed line connects points C and D.
46: This image shows the same triangle as above, but now angles D C A and D C B are marked as congruent.
47: This figure shows the same triangles as above, but now angles C A B and C B A are marked as congruent, each measuring theta degrees.
48: The figure is of acute triangle A B C, with Point F on side A B and point G on side A C, forming line segment F G that appears parallel to side B C. Angle G A F measures 37 degrees and angle A B C measures 65 degrees.
49: This figure shows horizontal parallel lines 'c' and 'd' intersected by lines 'a' and 'b' which both run from bottom left to top right. The angle formed underneath line 'c' and to the left of line 'b' measures ((9 times 'x') + 5) degrees. The angle formed above line 'd' and to the right of line 'a' measures (('x'^2 + 25) degrees. The angle formed below line 'd' and to the left of line 'b' measures ((8 times 'x' + 13) degrees.
50: This image shows the same set of lines as above, but now the angle measuring ((9 times 'x') + 5) degrees is marked congruent to the angle measuring ((8 times 'x' + 13) degrees.
51: This figure shows overlapping right triangles A B E, where A is the right angle, and A D E, where E is the right angle. The hypotenuses intersect at point C. Angle A B E measures 63 degrees. Angle A C E measures theta degrees.
52: This image shows the same triangles as above. Points B and D are now connected with a dashed line. Segments C A and C E are now marked congruent. Segments A B and D E are now marked congruent.
53: This image shows the same triangles as above. Angle C B D, angle B E A, and angle D A E are each now labeled 27 degrees.
54: This image shows two triangles, A B C  and B C D, which share side B C to form parallelogram A B D C. Side A C measures 4 units. Side A B measures 3.9 units. Side B D measures 4 units. Side C D measures 3.9 units. Angle A C B measures 30 degrees. Angle C A B measures 100 degrees. Angle B C D is labeled 'x' degrees.
55: This image shows triangles A D E and A B C, which share point A. Side A E measures 3.6 units. Side A C measures 3.6 units. Side A D measures 3.8 units. Side A B measures 3.8 units. Angle C A B measures 118 degrees. Angle C B A measures 30 degrees. Angle D E A measures 'x' degrees.
56: This figure shows triangles A B C and C D E, which share point C. Angle D C E measures 105 degrees. Angle C E D measures 30 degrees. Segments C B and A B are each extended past point B so that the two rays radiating from point B form an angle of 45 degrees.
57: This figure shows the same triangles as above, but now the angle between the two rays radiating from point B is shown to be congruent to angle C D E.
58: This figure shows two right triangles, A B C and D E F. Angle F measures 51 degrees. Angles B and E are right angles. Angle C measures theta degrees.
59: This image shows two triangles, A B C  and B C D, which share side B C to form parallelogram A B D C. Side A C measures 3.4 units. Side A B measures 5.5 units. Side B D measures 3.4 units. Side C D measures 5.5 units. Angle A C B measures 80 degrees. Angle C B A measures 20 degrees. Angle B D C is labeled 'x' degrees.
60: This image shows two triangles, A B C  and B C D, which share side B C to form parallelogram A B D C. Side A B measures 4.3 units. Side A C measures 3 units. Side C D measures 4.3 units. Side B D measures 3 units. Angle A C B measures 61 degrees. Angle C B A measures 53 degrees. Angle C D B is labeled 'x' degrees.
61: This image shows triangles A D E and A B C, which share point A. Side A E measures 3.9 units. Side A C measures 3.9 units. Side A D measures 3.1 units. Side A B measures 3.1 units. Angle A C B measures 36  degrees. Angle A B C measures 49 degrees. Angle D E A measures 'x' degrees.
62: This image shows two triangles, A B C  and B C D, which share side B C to form parallelogram A B D C. Side A B measures 4.9 units. Side A C measures 4 units. Side C D measures 4.9 units. Side B D measures 4 units. Angle A C B measures 31 degrees. Angle C A B measures 111 degrees. Angle B C D is labeled 'x' degrees.
63: This figure shows two triangles, A B C and F E D. Angle B measures 112 degrees. Angle D measures ('x' + 10) degrees. Angle A measures 'x' degrees.
64: This image shows quadrilateral A J B K and its perpendicular bisectors A B and J K. The segment from point A to the intersection of the perpendicular bisectors is congruent to the segment from point B to the intersection of the perpendicular bisectors. The segment from point K to the intersection of the perpendicular bisectors is 2 units long.  The segment from point J to the intersection of the perpendicular bisectors is 6 units long.
65: This image shows the same quadrilateral as above, but now the point of intersection of the perpendicular bisectors is labeled C. Angle A C J and angle B C J are each labeled as right angles.
66: This figure shows two triangles, B C D and D E F, which share point D. Segment C B is extended through point A to form ray B A. Segment E F is extended through point G to form ray F G. Angle B D C measures 86 degrees. Angle C B D measures 52 degrees. Angle D E F measures 42 degrees.
67: This image shows the same triangles as above. Angle E D F is now labeled 86 degrees and highlighted in blue. Angle E F D is now labeled 52 degrees and highlighted in red.
68: This image shows triangles A D E and A B C, which share point A. Side A E measures 3.8 units. Side A C measures 3.8 units. Side A D measures 4.6 units. Side A B measures 4.6 units. Angle C A B measures 37 degrees. Angle C B A measures 68 degrees. Angle E D A measures 'x' degrees.
69: This image shows quadrilateral A B C D where C is a right angle. Diagonal B D is drawn in and marked congruent to side A B. Angle B A D measures ((4 times 'x') + 30) degrees. Angle C B D measures 40 degrees. Angles B A D and C B D are marked congruent.
70: This figure shows the same trapezoid as above. Angle B D A is now labeled 40 degrees.
71: This image shows triangles A D E and A B C, which share point A. Side A E measures 4.1 units. Side A C measures 4.1 units. Side A D measures 3.1 units. Side A B measures 3.1 units. Angle A C B measures 43 degrees. Angle C B A measures 65 degrees. Angle E D A measures 'x' degrees.
72: This figure shows two triangles, A B C and F E D. Side D F measures 6.5 units. Side D E measures 5 units. Segment X Y is drawn parallel to A C from point X on side A B to point Y on side B C. Segment B Y measures 3 units.
73: This figure shows the same two triangles as above. Angle B A C, angle B X Y, and angle E F D are now labeled congruent. Angle B Y X, angle B C A, and  angle F D E are now labeled congruent.
Unit 13 - Lesson 3:
74: A right triangle has leg lengths of a and b and hypotenuse length of c.
75: In right triangle ABC, A is the right angle. The length of leg AB is 4, and the length of leg AC is 6.
76: In right triangle DEF, F is the right angle. The length of leg DF is 24, and the length of hypotenuse DE is 25.
77: A right triangle has leg lengths of 3 and 4 and hypotenuse length of 5.
78: Triangle ACD has right angle D, base AD, and height CD. B is a point on AC, E is a point on AD, and line segment BE divides the triangle ACD into a smaller triangle on the left and a quadrilateral on the right. AB has length 5, and AE has length 4.
79: Right triangle ABC has hypotenuse AB, longer leg BC, and shorter leg AC. The measure of angle A is theta, and angle C is the right angle.
80: Right triangles ABC and DEF are shown, For right triangle ABC, angle A is the right angle, AB=4, AC=3, and BC=5. Right triangle DEF is larger than right triangle ABC, and angle D is the right angle. DE is the longer leg, and DF is the shorter leg.
81: In right triangle ABC, A is the right angle, AB is the shorter leg, AC is the longer leg, and BC is the hypotenuse. AB=8.
82: A right triangle has acute angles measuring 30 degrees and 60 degrees. The shorter leg of the triangle is opposite of the 30-degree angle and has length x. The longer leg of the triangle is opposite of the 60-degree angle and has length x times the square root of 3. The hypotenuse of the triangle has length 2x.
83: A right triangle has two acute angles each measuring 45 degrees. Both legs of the triangle have length s, and the hypotenuse of the triangle has length s times the square root of 2.
84: Right triangle ABC has right angle B, longer leg AB, shorter leg BC, and hypotenuse AC. The length of BC is 5.
85: Right triangle ABC has hypotenuse AB, longer leg BC, and shorter leg AC. The measure of angle A is theta, the measure of angle B is 90 minus theta, and angle C is the right angle.
86: Right triangle ACE has right angle A, base AE, and height AC. B is a point on AC, D is a point on CE, and line segment BD is parallel to AE. The length of base AE is 12, the length of line segment BD is 8, and the length of line segment BC is 6.
87: Two right triangles, ABC and DEF, are shown. For triangle ABC, A is the right angle, AB=7, BC=25, and AC=24. For triangle DEF, D is the right angle, DE is the shorter leg, EF is the hypotenuse, and DF is the longer leg. Triangle DEF is smaller than triangle ABC.
88: Right triangle ABC has base AC and right angle B. Point D is on AC, and BD is the height of triangle ABC. The length of AB is 15, and the length of AD is 9.
89: Quadrilateral ABCD has parallel horizontal sides AD and BC, with BC shorter than AD. Side AB is vertical and perpendicular to both sides AD and BC.
Right triangle trigonometry: advanced (Quiz)
90: This image is a right triangle. The hypotenuse represents the distance water travels. The horizontal longer leg measures 5 feet, and the angle it forms with the hypotenuse is labeled drain and measures 1.2 degrees.
91: A right triangle is drawn. The non-right angles are labeled as 'x' degrees and 'x degrees minus 90 degrees'.
92: This diagram shows a right triangle. The shorter leg is vertically oriented and is 1.3 miles long. The longer leg is horizontally oriented and is 3.3 miles long. The hypotenuse has its endpoints labeled "apartment" and "work", and its length is labeled with a question mark.
93: This image shows right triangle A B C where A is the right angle. Line segment D E intersects side A B perpendicularly at point D to create a smaller right triangle B D E. Angle B E D measures 60 degrees. Side A B measures (5 times square root 3) units. Side B C measures 'x' units.
94: The original figure is shown, but now angle A C B is shown to measure 60 degrees.
95: This diagram features a cone of diameter 5.8 centimeters and height 3.8 centimeters. The distance from the cone's vertex to the outer edge of its base is 'd' centimeters.
96: This image features the same cone as above. A right triangle formed by a radius of the base, the height, and the distance from the cone's vertex to the outer edge of its base is highlighted in blue.
97: This images focuses on the right triangle highlighted in blue from the previous image. Its vertical leg is now labeled 3.8 centimeters, its horizontal leg is now labeled 2.9 centimeters, and its hypotenuse is labeled 'd' centimeters.
98: This figure shows right triangle A B C where B is the right angle. Line segment D E intersects side A B perpendicularly at point E to create smaller right triangle A D E and quadrilateral B C D E. Angle A D E measures 30 degrees. Side A B measures (6 times square root 3) units. Side A C measures 'x' units.
99: This figure features the same image as above. The measure of angle A D E is now highlighted in green. The measure of angle A C B is now identified as 30 degrees and highlighted in green.
100: The figure is a rectangle with a right triangle whose base leg coincides with the top edge of the rectangle. The other leg of the right triangle extends the right edge of the rectangle, and the resulting line segment has a length of h. The base of the rectangle has a length of 3,800 meters and the left edge of the rectangle has a length of 1,700 meters. The angle between the top edge of the rectangle and the hypotenuse is labeled theta.
101: This figure is the same figure as before. The other leg of the right triangle extends the right edge of the rectangle and has a length of h minus 700 meters. The base and top side of the rectangle each have a length of 3800 meters and the left and right edge of the rectangle each have a length of 1700 meters.  The angle between the top edge of the rectangle and the hypotenuse is labeled theta.
102: This image shows right triangle A B C where C is the right angle. Line segment C D intersects side A B perpendicularly at point D to create two smaller right triangles A C D and B C D. Angle C B D measures 30 degrees. Side A C measures 4 units. Side B D measures 'x' units.
103: This figure features the same right triangles as above. Side B C is now labeled (12 over square root 3).
104: This image is a drawing of a rectangular football field. Point A is in the center of the field, 50 yards horizontally from the right edge and 25 yards vertically from the bottom edge of the field. Point B lies along the bottom edge of the field, 12 yards horizontally from the right edge.
105: This image features the same rectangular football field as above. A right triangle has been drawn in blue with its hypotenuse connecting points A and B, its vertical leg extending from point A down to the bottom of the rectangle, and its horizontal leg extending along the bottom of the rectangle from the 50-yard mark directly under point A to point B on the 12-yard mark.
106: This image focuses on the blue highlighted right triangle from the previous image. The triangle's vertical leg is labeled 25 yards, its horizontal leg is labeled 38 yards, and its hypotenuse is labeled 'd' yards.
107: ​​This figure shows a circle with center A overlapping with right triangle A C D where D is the right angle. Point B is on the circle and on the hypotenuse of triangle A C D. Line segment B E intersects side A D perpendicularly at point E to create smaller right triangle B A E and quadrilateral B C D E. Segment A E measures (square root 3). Angle A C D measures 60 degrees.
108: This figure features the same image as above. The measure of angle A C D is now highlighted in green. The measure of angle A B E is now identified as 60 degrees and highlighted in green.
109: This image shows a right triangle whose hypotenuse connects the two points representing the locations of Gabe and the airplane at 't' = 5 seconds. Directly above Gabe, there is a point representing the airplane's location at 't' = 0 seconds. A horizontal dotted line connects the two points representing airplane locations, and along the dotted line is a right-facing arrow labeled 205 feet per second. The vertical leg of the triangle is labeled 'h', and the angle formed by the horizontal leg and the hypotenuse measures 17 degrees.
110: This image features the same right triangle from the above diagram. Its horizontal leg is now labeled 1025 feet.
111: This figure shows a circle with center A overlapping with right triangle A C D where D is the right angle. Point B is on the circle and on the hypotenuse of triangle A C D. Line segment B E intersects side A D perpendicularly at point E to create smaller right triangle B A E and quadrilateral B C D E. Segment A E measures (square root 2). Angle A C D measures 45 degrees.
112: This figure features the same image as above. The measure of angle A C D is now highlighted in green. The measure of angle A B E is now identified as 45 degrees and highlighted in green.
113: This figure shows a circle with center A overlapping with right triangle A C D where D is the right angle. Point B is on the circle and on the hypotenuse of triangle A C D. Line segment B E intersects side A D perpendicularly at point E to create smaller right triangle B A E and quadrilateral B C D E. Segment A B measures 20. Angle A C D measures 30 degrees.
114: The original figure is shown, but now angle A B E is labeled as 30 degrees.
115: This image is an equilateral triangle whose base is bisected by an altitude of 'h' centimeters. Each of the two angles adjacent to the base is labeled 60 degrees. Each of the two remaining sides is labeled 196 centimeters.
116: This image shows a triangle with 30 degree, 60 degree, and 90 degree measures.  The side of the triangle opposite the 30 degree angle is labeled 's'.  The side opposite the right angle is labeled 2 's'.  The side opposite the 60 degree angle is labeled 's' square root of 3.
117: This image shows a ramp whose side is a right triangle with height of 2 feet and base of 24 feet.  The ramp's upper surface is 8 feet wide. There is a dotted line along the top of the side of the ramp, and a dashed line along the diagonal of the upper surface of the ramp.
118: This image shows right triangle A B C where B is the right angle. Line segment B D measures 6 and intersects side A C perpendicularly at point D to create two smaller right triangles B D A and B D C. Angle C B D measures 60 degrees. Side A B measures (20 times square root 3) units.  Side A C measures 'x' units.
119: This figure features the same right triangles as above. Angle D A B is now labeled 60 degrees. Angle A B D is now labeled 30 degrees. Angle A C B is now labeled 30 degrees.
120: The diagram shows a cone with its base facing downward and with its tip removed so that its top is a second circular flat surface parallel to its base. The diameter of the bottom base is 18 inches. The diameter of the flat surface on top is 11 inches. The distance between the two flat surfaces along the curved surface is 13.5 inches.
121: This image is an isosceles trapezoid representing a two dimensional view of the truncated cone structure above. The top base measures 11 inches, the bottom base measures 18 inches, and the length of the diagonal side on the right is labeled 13.5 inches. Dashed lines are drawn vertically from the top left and top right corners of the trapezoid to form right angles with the bottom base.
122: This figure shows right triangle J M N where N is the right angle. Line segment K L is drawn, where K is a point on side JM and L is a point on JN. K L is perpendicular to side JN. Angle J M N is labeled as 'y'.
123: Triangle J L K is shown, where angle J K L has the measure of 'y'.
124: The diagram shows a tall, thin cone with its base facing downward and with its tip removed so that it has a second circular flat surface parallel to its base. The diameter of the base is 12 inches. The diameter of the flat surface on top is 2 inches. The vertical distance between the two flat surfaces is 28 inches. The diagonal distance from the circumference of one circular base to the other is labeled 's' inches.  The entire structure sits atop a square.
125: This image is a trapezoid representing a two dimensional view of the truncated cone above. The top base measures 2 inches, the bottom base measures 12 inches, and the height is drawn in with a dotted line labeled 28 inches. The diagonal length on the left is labeled 's' inches.  A vertical red line is drawn parallel to the height from the trapezoid's upper left corner to a point on the bottom base.
126: The right triangle A B C is shown, where B is the right angle and the measure of angle C A B is 49 degrees.
127: This diagram features two vertical line segments. The horizontal distance between them is 36 inches.
128: This diagram features the same image as above, but now the vertical line segments overlap with the vertical sides of a rectangle 36 inches wide by 18 inches high. The diagonal of the rectangle from the bottom left corner to the top right corner is drawn in and labeled 'd'.
129: This diagram shows a flagpole extending upward from a point 2 meters up a wall to form a 135 degree angle with the portion of the wall below it. A flag hangs at the top of the pole and the corner of the flag closer to the wall  is a distance of 'd' meters from the base of the pole, measured along the pole.
130: This diagram features the same image of the flag, flagpole, and wall as above, but it focuses on the distance 'd' along the flagpole between the flag and wall as the hypotenuse of a right triangle highlighted in red. The right triangle's legs are drawn in below the hypotenuse. The angle formed by the flagpole and the horizontal leg of the right triangle measures (135 minus 90) degrees.
131: This figure is a rectangle with a right triangle removed from its bottom right corner such that only the hypotenuse forms a part of the perimeter. The top edge has a length of 22 feet, the left edge has a length of 19 feet, and the remainder of the right edge and bottom edge are both 10 feet.
132: This figure is the same figure as before with line segments drawn from the ends of the hypotenuse of the right triangle removed and ending perpendicularly on the opposite sides of the rectangle. The intersection point of these dotted line segments section both segments into two parts. The parts that were attached to the hypotenuse form the legs of a right triangle such that the horizontal leg has a length of a and the vertical leg has a length of b. The other two parts of both line segments have lengths of 10 feet.
133: This image shows right triangle X Y Z where X is the right angle. Angle Y Z X measures 35 degrees.
134: This figure shows the same triangle as above. Angle Z Y X is now labeled 55 degrees. Angle Y X Z is now labeled 90 degrees.
135: This diagram shows two right triangles, one stacked on top of the other so that they share a horizontal leg 145 meters long. The hypotenuse of the upper triangle goes from a point representing the forest ranger to a point representing the treetop. The hypotenuse of the lower triangle goes from the point representing the forest ranger to a point representing the tree base. The angle formed by the horizontal leg and the hypotenuse of the upper triangle measures 17 degrees. The angle formed by the horizontal leg and the hypotenuse of the lower triangle measures 6 degrees. The height of the two triangles together is labeled 'h'.
136: This image shows right triangle A B C where C is the right angle. Line segment C D intersects side A B perpendicularly at point D to create two smaller right triangles B D C and A D C. Angle C B D measures 30 degrees and angle C A D measures 60 degrees. Side C B measures (2 times square root 3) units.  Side A D measures 'x' units.
137: The original figure is shown, but now angle A C D measures 30 degrees, angle D C B measures 60 degrees, and segment C D has length 'square root of 3'.
138: This figure shows a vertical line segment of length 20 centimeters attached at its top point to a congruent line segment that makes an acute angle of theta with the original segment. The bottom point of the vertical segment is labeled A and the bottom point of the angled segment is labeled B.
139: In the original figure, a horizontal line from point $B$ to the string at its vertical position. The distance between this point and the point A is labeled 'h', and the distance between this point and the top vertex of the triangle is labeled 'l'.
140: This figure shows quadrilateral Q R S T where Q and S are right angles. The length of side S T is 12. The length of side Q R is 'x'. Diagonal S R is drawn in and measures (6 times square root 2). Angle Q S R measures theta degrees. Angle S R T measures 90 degrees.
141: This diagram features a triangle representing a bird's eye view of the side of a car. The length of the door is 48 inches, and it forms a 38 degree angle with the body of the car when open. Opposite the 38 degree angle is a dashed segment connecting the end of the door to the point on the body of the car where the door's end would be if closed. The dashed line is labeled opening and has a length of 'w' inches.
142: This image is an isosceles triangle formed by the door in its open position of length 48 inches, the door in its closed position of length 48 inches, and the opening of length 'w'. An altitude is drawn perpendicular to the opening.
143: This image features the same isosceles triangle as above, but now the angle between the door's open position and its closed position, bisected by the altitude, has each of its halves labeled 19 degrees. The opening, also bisected by the altitude, has each of its halves labeled (0.5 times 'w' inches).
144: This figure shows right triangle A B C where B is the right angle. Line segment B T measures 9 and intersects side A C perpendicularly at point T to create two smaller right triangles A B T and B T C. Side B C has length 15 and side A B has length 'h'.
145: The original figure is shown, but now segment T C is shown to have length 12.
146: The same figure is drawn, but now angle A B T has measure 'alpha', and angles T B C and B A C have measure '90 degrees minus alpha'.
147: This figure is a symmetric trapezoid whose longer parallel side forms the base of length 22 feet and shorter parallel side forms the top of length 16 feet. The height of the trapezoid has a length of h and the base makes an angle of measure theta with either slanted side of the trapezoid.
148: This image shows right triangle A B C where A is the right angle. Line segment A D measures 6 and insects side B C perpendicularly at point D to create two smaller right triangles B D A and A D C. Angle B A D measures 30 degrees. Side A C measures 'x' units.
149: This image shows the same right triangles from above.  Angle A C D is now labeled 30 degrees. Angle A B D and angle D A C are each labeled 60 degrees.
150: This diagram shows a spoon in a cylindrical pan with a 20 centimeter diameter and a 15 centimeter height.  The spoon lies diagonally from the 5 centimeters beyond the upper left rim to the lower right base of the pan.
151: This diagram shows a two-dimensional view of the above image. The spoon lies along the diagonal of a 20 by 15 rectangle and extends 5 units longer than the diagonal.
152: This figure shows right triangle W X Y where X is the right angle. Line segment X Z measures 6 and intersects side W Y perpendicularly at point Z to create two smaller right triangles Z W X and Z Y X. Angle W X Z measures 45 degrees.
153: This image shows the same right triangles from above.  Angle Y X Z is now labeled 45 degrees. Side X Y is now labeled 'x'.
154: This diagram features a right triangle. The shorter leg is vertically oriented and is 14000 feet long. The longer leg is horizontally oriented and is 6 miles long. The hypotenuse has its endpoints labeled "descent begins" and "runway", and its length is labeled with a question mark.
155: This image features the same right triangle as above, but the vertical distance is now labeled 2.6515 miles, and the hypotenuse's length is labeled 'd'.
156: This diagram shows the side view of a buffet counter. A rectangular food well is embedded in the counter. The left side of the food well is extended vertically upward to the upper end of a diagonal sneeze guard, which forms a 45 degree angle with the extension of the side of the well. The length of the sneeze guard is 14 inches. The vertical distance from the bottom of the sneeze guard to the bottom right corner of the food well is labeled 'h' inches. The vertical distance from the counter top to the bottom of the food well is 4 inches, and the vertical distance from the top of the sneeze guard to the counter top is 24 inches.
157: This image is a simplified version of just the sneeze guard and food well from the above diagram.  Now the sneeze guard appears as the hypotenuse of a right triangle whose horizontal leg is drawn in purple.   The vertical distance from the bottom of the sneeze guard to the bottom of the food well is marked in red.
158: This image shows a triangle with 45 degree, 45 degree, and 90 degree measures.  The sides of the triangle opposite the 45 degree angles are labeled 's'.  The side opposite the right angle is labeled 's' square root of 2.
159: The triangle W X Y is drawn, where Z is a point on side W Y. Line segment Z X is drawn and has a length of 8. Angle, W X Y, W Z X, and Y Z X are right angles, and angle W X Z measures 45 degrees.
160: The original figure is shown, but now side W Y is shown to have length 'y'. Also, angle Y W X, Z X Y, and W Y X are labeled as 45 degrees.
Unit 13 - Lesson 4: 
161: A central angle in a circle defines the area of a sector and the length of an arc.
162: A circle has center O. A sector with a right central angle is shaded.
163: A circle has center A, and points B and C are on the circle. The three points are also vertices of triangle ABC, and the measure of angle BAC is x degrees.
164: A circle has center O and radii OA and OC. The measure of central angle AOC is 150 degrees. The arc defined by the central angle is bolded, and the sector defined by the central angle is shaded.
165: A circle has center O and radii OA and OC. The two radii and chord AC form an isosceles triangle. The measure of angle AOC is 120 degrees, and the measures of angles OAC and OCA are both 30 degrees.
166: A circle has center O and radii OA and OC. AOC is a triangle, and the measure of angle OAC is 50 degrees. The central angle of the circle, excluding the measure of angle AOC, measure x degrees.
167: A circle has center O and diameters AC and BD. Triangles ABO and CDO are inside the circle. In triangle ABO, angle ABO measures 35 degrees. In triangle CDO, the angle CDO measures x degrees.
168: A circle has center O and two radii, OA and OC. The central angle AOC measures 120 degrees.
169: A circle has center O and two radii, OA and OC. The minor sector formed by O, OA, and OC is shaded and has a central angle of x degrees.
170: A circle has center O, radius OB, and diameter AC. The radii OB, OC, and the chord BC form a triangle, and angle OCB in the triangle measures 25 degrees. Central angle AOB measures x degrees.
Circle theorems: advanced (Quiz)
171: A circle has center O and a radius of 6. The circle has a shaded region and an unshaded region, and the two regions make up the entire area of the circle. The unshaded region corresponds to a central angle measuring x degrees.
172: A circle has center O. Points A, B, and C lie on the circle. Point A lies in the bottom left quadrant of the circle, point B lies on the top left quadrant of the circle, and point C lies on the bottom right quadrant of the circle. The radii OA and OB and chords AC and BC form quadrilateral AOBC. Within the quadrilateral, angle OAC measures 40 degrees, and angle OBC measures 20 degrees. The central angle corresponding to minor arc AB measures x degrees.
173: A line is drawn between points O and C, which creates isosceles triangles AOC and BOC. Angle OCA measures 40 degrees, and angle OCB measures 20 degrees.
174: Quadrilateral AOBC is highlighted. Within the quadrilateral, angle BCA measures 60 degrees, and angle AOB measures 360-x degrees.
175: A circle has center O. Points A and B are points on the circle. A shaded region in the circle is a sector. The shaded region and minor arc AB share the same central angle.
176: A sector of a circle with center O formed by central angle X O Z is shown.  Point Y is on arc X Z of the sector.  The length of segment X O is 10.
177: A circle has center O. Points P and Q are on the circle. Minor arc PQ has a central angle measuring x degrees.
178: Points P, Q, and R are on a circle. Segment PQ is a diameter. Arc PRQ and arc PQ make up the entire circumference of the circle.
179: A circle has center O. A sector of the circle is shaded and has a central angle of 105 degrees.
180: A circle has center O and a radius of 9. The circle has a shaded sector and an unshaded sector, and the two sectors make up the area of the entire circle. The shaded sector has a minor arc.
181: A circle has center O. Points A, B, C are on the circle. Major arc AC and minor arc ABC make up the entire circumference of the circle. Major arc AC has a central angle of 250 degrees.
182: This figure presents a circle with center E and a horizontal diameter labeled A D. Points B and C lie on the upper semicircle with point B between points A and C. Line segment A E has a length of 6.  Central angle A E C intercepts arc A B C,  and the sector formed by this is shaded gray.
183: A circle has center O and a radius of 3. The circle has a shaded region and an unshaded region that make up the entire area of the circle. The unshaded region corresponds to a central angle measuring x degrees.
184: A sector of a circle with center O formed by central angle X O Y is shown.   Point Z is on arc X Y and segment Y O has a length of 5. The entire sector is shaded.
185: A circle has center O. Within the circle, two perpendicular diameters divide the circle into four sectors. One of the sectors is shaded.
186: A circle has center O. Points A and B are on the circle. Minor arc AB has a central angle of x degrees. The sector corresponding to minor arc AB is shaded.
187: A circle has center O. Points A, B, C, and D are on the circle. Major arc ABC and minor arc ADC make up the entire circumference of the circle. Minor arc ADC has a central angle of x degrees.
188: A circle has center O. Points B, C, and D are points on the circle. Point B is in the bottom left quadrant of the circle, point C is directly below the center of the circle, and point D is in the top right quadrant of the circle. Point A lies outside the circle in the bottom left quadrant. Line segment AC is tangent to the circle at Point C. Points A, B, and O are collinear. Line segments OA, OC, and AC form a triangle, and the measure of angle OAC is 30 degrees.
189: A right triangle has acute angles measuring 30 degrees and 60 degrees. The shorter leg of the triangle is opposite of the 30-degree angle and has length x. The longer leg of the triangle is opposite of the 60-degree angle and has length x times the square root of 3. The hypotenuse of the triangle has length 2x.
190: Triangle AOC is highlighted. Angle OCA is a right angle, and angle AOC measures 60 degrees.
191: Radius OC has a length of 6.
192: The image shows a circle with center C.  Points X, Y, and Z lie on the circle, with point Y on the major arc connecting points X and Z.  Minor arc X Z corresponds with central angle X C Z, which has a measure of 20 degrees.  Line segment C X has a length of 10 inches. 
Lesson 5: 
193: A right triangle has angles measuring 30 degrees, 60 degrees, and 90 degrees. The length of the shorter leg is x, the length of the longer leg is x times the square root of 3, and the length of the hypotenuse is 2x.
194: A right triangle has angles measuring 90 degrees, 45 degrees, and 45 degrees. The lengths of the legs are both s, and the length of the hypotenuse is s times the square root of 2.
195: A circle in the xy-plane has a center at the origin. OA is a radius of the circle, and the coordinates of point A are (1, 3^0.5). OB is also a radius of the circle lies on the positive x-axis.
196: A right triangle with hypotenuse OA, a leg along the positive x-axis, and a vertical leg is drawn on top of the circle. The legs of the right triangle have lengths of 2.
197: A circle in the xy-plane has a center at the origin. OA is a radius of the circle, and point A is in quadrant I. OB is also a radius of the circle lies on the positive x-axis.
198: A circle with a center at the origin and a radius of 1 is shown in the xy-plane. A radius connects the center of the circle and point (x, y) on the circle in the first quadrant. This radius forms an angle with the positive x-axis with measure theta.
199: A circle in the xy-plane has a center at the origin. OA is a radius of the circle, and the coordinates of point A are (1, 3^0.5). OB is also a radius of the circle lies on the positive x-axis.
Unit circle trigonometry: advanced (Quiz)
200: The image shows a coordinate plane with the unit circle drawn and an angle in standard position measuring pi over 3 radians. The point where the terminal side of the angle intersects with the unit circle is at x = 1 half and y = (square root 3) over 2.
201: The figure shown is of a right triangle with acute angles measuring 30 degrees and 60 degrees.  The side opposite 30 degrees is labeled 'x', the side opposite 60 degrees is labeled 'x' times square root 3, and the hypotenuse is labeled 2 times 'x'.
202: The figure shows a circle with an area of 9 pi. The circle has a central angle of pi divided by 9 radians.
203: The image shows a coordinate plane with the unit circle drawn and an angle in standard position measuring pi radians. The point where the terminal side of the angle intersects with the unit circle is at x = negative 1 and  y = 0.
204: The figure shows a circle with radius 'r' and a central angle of   (2 times pi)  over 3 radians.
205: The image shows a coordinate plane with the unit circle drawn and an angle in standard position measuring 90 degrees. The point where the terminal side of the angle intersects with the unit circle is at x = 0 and  y = 1.
206: The figure shows a circle with a shaded sector with a central angle of eight fifths times pi radians. The area of the circle is 16 pi units squared.
207: The image shows a coordinate plane with the unit circle drawn and an angle in standard position measuring 60 degrees. The point where the terminal side of the angle intersects with the unit circle is at x = 1 half and  y = (square root 3) over 2.
208: The figure shows a circle with radius 'r' and a central angle of  (3 times pi) over 2  radians.
209: The figure shows a circle with a shaded area with a central angle of eleven fifteenths times  pi radians. The circle has a radius of 3 units.
210: This figure presents a circle with center C and a horizontal diameter labeled A E. Points B and D split the upper semicircle into thirds with a line segment labeled B C intersecting the circle at point B. Line segment A C has a length of 6.  Angle B C E intercepts arc B D E and measures (2 times pi) over 3 radians.
211: The image shows a coordinate plane with the unit circle drawn and an angle in standard position measuring (5 times pi) over 6 radians. The point where the terminal side of the angle intersects with the unit circle is at x = negative (square root 3) over 2 and y = 1 half.
212: The figure shows a circle with an area of 25 pi square units. The circle has a central angle of nine tenths times pi radians.
213: The image shows a coordinate plane with the unit circle drawn and an angle in standard position measuring 225 degrees. The point where the terminal side of the angle intersects with the unit circle is at x = negative (square root 2) over 2 and y = negative (square root 2) over 2.
214: The figure shows a circle with an area of nine pi square units. A shaded circle sector has a central angle of seventeen ninths times pi radians.
215: The image shows a coordinate plane with the unit circle drawn and an angle in standard position measuring pi over 4 radians. The point where the terminal side of the angle intersects with the unit circle is at x = (square root 2) over 2 and  y = (square root 2) over 2.
216: The figure shows a circle with a shaded area with a central angle of pi radians. The circle has a radius of 4 units.
217: The figure shows a circle with a shaded area with a central angle of eight fifteenths times  pi radians. The circle has a radius of 10 units.
218: The figure shows a circle with a shaded sector with a central angle of eleven sixths times pi radians. The area of the circle is 36 pi units squared.
219: The figure shows a circle with a radius of 'r' units.  A central angle of seven fourths pi radians subtends an arc of unknown length.
220: The figure shows a circle with a radius of 'r' units.  A central angle of seven fourths pi radians subtends an arc of unknown length.
221: The image shows an angle measuring 30 degrees.
222: The image shows a coordinate plane with the unit circle drawn and an angle in standard position measuring 30 degrees. The point where the terminal side of the angle intersects with the unit circle is at x = (square root 3) over 2 and y = 1 half.
223: The figure shows a circle with a radius of 3 units. A shaded circle sector has a central angle of pi radians.
224: The image shows an angle measuring 60 degrees.
225: The image shows a coordinate plane with the unit circle drawn and an angle in standard position measuring 60 degrees. The point where the terminal side of the angle intersects with the unit circle is at x = 1 half and  y = (square root 3) over 2.
226: The figure shown is of a right triangle with acute angles measuring 30 degrees and 60 degrees.  The side opposite 30 degrees is labeled 'x', the side opposite 60 degrees is labeled 'x' times square root 3, and the hypotenuse is labeled 2 times 'x'.
227: The figure shows a circle with a radius of 'r' units.  A central angle of five sixths pi radians subtends an arc of unknown length.
228: The figure shows a circle with a radius of 'r' units.  A central angle of five sixths pi radians subtends an arc of unknown length.
229: The image shows a coordinate plane with the unit circle drawn and an angle in standard position measuring 0 degrees. The point where the terminal side of the angle intersects with the unit circle is at x = 1 and  y = 0.
230: The figure shows a circle with an area of 100 pi. The circle has a central angle of two fifths times pi radians.
231: The image shows a coordinate plane with the unit circle drawn and an angle in standard position measuring pi over 2 radians. The point where the terminal side of the angle intersects with the unit circle is at x = 0 and y = 1.
232: The figure shows a circle with a shaded area with a central angle of pi radians. The circle has a radius of 8 units.
233: The figure shows a circle with a shaded sector with a central angle of six fifths times pi radians. The area of the sector is one hundred and forty seven fifths times pi units squared.
234: The figure shows a circle with a radius of 2 units. A shaded circle sector has a central angle of three halves times pi radians.
235: The image shows an angle measuring 30 degrees.
236: The image shows a coordinate plane with the unit circle drawn and an angle in standard position measuring 30 degrees. The point where the terminal side of the angle intersects with the unit circle is at x = (square root 3) over 2 and  y = 1 half.
237: The figure shown is of a right triangle with acute angles measuring 30 degrees and 60 degrees.  The side opposite 30 degrees is labeled 'x', the side opposite 60 degrees is labeled 'x' times square root 3, and the hypotenuse is labeled 2 times 'x'.
238: The figure shows a circle with a shaded sector area of 2 pi square units. The shaded circle sector has a central angle of one fourth times pi radians.
239: The figure shows a circle with a radius of 'r' units.  A central angle of pi divided by 2 radians subtends an arc of unknown length.
240: The figure shows a circle with a radius of 'r' units.  A central angle of pi divided by 2 radians subtends an arc of unknown length.
Lesson 6:
241: A circle with the equation (x+2)^2+(y-3)^2=4^2 is graphed in the xy-plane. The circle has a center located at (-2, 3) and a radius of 4.
242: A circle in the xy-plane has a center located at (1, 2) and a radius extending from (1, 2) to (4, 2). The center is labeled (h,k), and the radius is r units long.
243: This diagram shows a circle graphed in the x y coordinate plane centered at coordinates negative 2 comma zero and a radius that is 3 units long.
Unit 12 - Lesson 1:
N/A
Lesson 2:
N/A
Lesson 3:
244: In the expression 3x^4, 3 is the coefficient, x is the base, and 4 is the exponent.
Lesson 4:
N/A
Lesson 5:
245: Two functions are graphed on the 'x' 'y' plane. The visible part of $y=j(x)$ is a line segment from $(-10, 10)$ to $(-2, 2)$ and a line segment from $(-2, 2)$ to $(10, 2)$. The visible part of $y=k(x)$ is a line segment from $(-10, -3)$ to $(2, -3)$ and a line segment from $(2, -3)$ to $(9, -10)$.
246: In the 'x' 'y' plane, a curve begins to the right of a vertical asymptote of $x=-5$.  It increases steeply crossing the 'x' axis at negative 4 and then increases steadily crossing the 'y' axis at slightly more than 3, and continues to increase more and more steadily until it exits from view.
247: In the 'x' 'y' plane, a curve begins to the right of a vertical asymptote of $x=0$.  It increases steeply crossing the 'x' axis at 1 and then increases more and more steadily until it exits from view.
248: In the 'x' 'y' plane, the top half of an ellipse is shown.  The leftmost point is $(-5, 0)$, the topmost point is $(-1, 8)$, and the rightmost point is $(3, 0)$.
249: In the 'x' 'y' plane, the top half of an ellipse is shown.  The leftmost point is $(-7, 0)$, the topmost point is $(-3, 8)$, and the rightmost point is $(1, 0)$.
250: In the 'x' 'y' plane, the top half of a rightward facing parabola is shown.  It has vertex $(0, -2.5)$ and an 'x' intercept of about 2.3.
251: In the 'x' 'y' plane, the top half of a rightward facing parabola is shown.  It has vertex $(0, 0)$.
252: In the 'x' 'y' plane, a curve is labelled $f(x+2)$.  The curve begins on the left slightly above the horizontal asymptote $y=0$.  The curve increases slightly, then steeply, crossing the 'y' axis at 4.
253: In the 'x' 'y' plane, a curve begins on the left slightly above the horizontal asymptote $y=0$.  The curve increases slightly, then steeply, crossing the 'y' axis at 1.
254: A curve is shown in the 'x' 'y' plane.  The curve begins in the third quadrant increasing steeply, passes through the point $(-3, -1)$ and increases steadily, then passes through the point of inflection $(0, 0)$ and then the point $(3, 1)$, finally increasing more steeply again.
255: A curve is shown in the 'x' 'y' plane.  The curve begins in the third quadrant increasing steeply, passes through the point $(0, -1)$ and increases steadily, then passes through the point of inflection $(3, 0)$ and then the point $(6, 1)$, finally increasing more steeply again.
256: In the 'x' 'y' plane, a curve begins slightly above the horizontal asymptote $y=0$ and increases very steadily, crossing the 'y' axis at about 0.1 and continuing to increase steadily, passing through the point $(4, 1)$ and becoming more and more steep.
257: In the 'x' 'y' plane, a curve begins slightly above the horizontal asymptote $y=0$ and increases very steadily, crossing the 'y' axis at 1 and continuing to increase more and more steeply.
258: In the 'x' 'y' plane a curve starts in the third quadrant and decreases to a local minimum of $(-4, -3)$ and then increases steadily and then steeply, crossing the 'x' axis at negative 1.5 and crossing the 'y' axis at 3 and then increasing steadily again, reaching a local maximum at $(2, 5)$, and finally decreasing steadily and then steeply.
Lesson 6:
N/A
Lesson 7:
N/A
Lesson 8: 
259: A line and a parabola are graphed in the xy-plane. The line is represented by y=x, and the parabola is represented by y=x^2-6. The line and the parabola intersect at the points (-2,-2) and (3,3).
260: A parabola and three horizontal lines are graphed in the xy-plane. The horizontal line that intersects the parabola twice is labeled "two solutions". The horizontal line that intersects the parabola once is labeled "one solution". The horizontal line that does not intersect the parabola is labeled "no solution".
261: A line and a parabola are graphed in the xy-plane. The line has a negative slope and passes through the points (0, 4) and (4, 0). The parabola opens downward, has a vertex located at (2, 4), and has x-intercepts located at (0, 0) and (4, 0). The line and the parabola share the points (1, 3) and (4, 0).
262: A line and a parabola are graphed in the xy-plane. The line has a positive slope and passes through the points (2,3) and (8,9). The parabola opens downward and passes through the points (2,3), (6,11), and (8,9).
263: A line and a parabola are graphed in the xy-plane. The line has a negative slope and passes through the points (0,5) and (2,2). The parabola opens upward and passes through the points (0,6), (2,2), (4,0), (5, -0.25), and (6,0).
264: This graph contains a parabola that opens downwards in the xy-plane. The parabola has vertex 3 comma 2, and also passes through the points 7 comma negative 2 and negative 3 comma negative 7.
265: This graph contains a parabola that opens downwards in the xy-plane.  The point negative 3 comma negative 7 is marked.
266: This graph contains a parabola that opens downwards in the xy-plane.  The point negative 3 comma negative 7 is marked.  A line with slope 1 half is drawn passing through the point.
267: This graph contains a parabola and a line in the xy-plane. Their intersections at the points negative 3 comma negative 7 and 7 comma negative 2 are marked.
268: The line y equals negative 1 half x plus 4 is graphed on the xy-plane.  The line has y-intercept 4 and x-intercept 8.
269: The line y equals negative 1 half x plus 4 is graphed on the xy-plane.  The line has y-intercept 4 and x-intercept 8.
270: An upward facing parabola is graphed on the xy-plane.  The equation for the parabola is $y = \frac13 x^2 - 2x - 4$.  The vertex of the parabola is at coordinates 3 comma negative 7.
271: An upward facing parabola is graphed on the xy-plane.  The equation for the parabola is $y = \frac13 x^2 - 2x - 4$.  The point negative 5 comma 9 is marked and appears to the left of the parabola.
272: An upward facing parabola is graphed on the xy-plane.  The point negative 5 comma 9 is marked and appears to the left of the parabola.  A line of slope negative 8 over 3 is drawn through the point.  For every 3 units the line moves to the right, it moves 8 units down.
273: This graph contains a circle in the xy-plane. The equation for the circle is $x^2 + (y + 4)^2 = 25$. The center is at 'x' equals 0, 'y' equals negative 4 and the radius is 5.
274: The line y equals 3 times x plus 33 is graphed in the xy-plane.  The x-intercept of the line is negative 11.
275: The line y equals 3 times x plus 33 is graphed in the xy-plane.  The point negative 10 comma 9 is shown above the line.
276: The line y equals 3 times x plus 33 is graphed in the xy-plane.  The point negative 10 comma 9 is shown above the line and is the vertex of a downward facing parabola.  The point negative 11 comma 6 is also on the parabola.  When that point is compared to the vertex, it is 1 to the left and 3 down.
277: The line y equals 3 times x plus 33 is graphed in the xy-plane.  The point negative 10 comma 9 is shown above the line and is the vertex of a downward facing parabola.  The parabola intersects the line at coordinates negative 12 comma negative 3.
Lesson 9: 
N/A
Lesson 10:
278: This figure is a box with length 'l', width 'w', and height 'h'.
279: This figure is a box of length 'x', width 'x' minus 2, and height 8.
280: This diagram presents an apartment building and an attached rectangular enclosure for chickens. Two adjacent walls of the enclosure are the apartment building and two adjacent walls are chicken wire.
281: A graph of a section of a parabola opening downward with the vertex on the positive vertical w axis, and endpoints on the x axis. The vertex is plotted and labeled "sprinkler". The area below the parabola and above horizontal x axis is shaded.
282: This diagram presents a rectangular kennel surrounded by a fence on three sides and a garage on the fourth. The side parallel to the garage is labeled 'l'.
283: A graph of a section of a parabola opening upward with the vertex on the positive horizontal x axis. An endpoint of the parabola, labeled "Tower", lies on the positive vertical y axis, and is the top of a line segment extending down and ending at the origin. An end point of the parabola, labeled "Tower", on the other side of the vertex is the top of a line segment extending down and ending on the horizontal x axis.
284: This figure shows one large rectangle with a vertical line segment bisecting the longer horizontal sides, resulting in two smaller rectangles.
285: This figure shows one large rectangle. A vertical line segment bisects the longer horizontal sides of the rectangle, resulting in two smaller rectangles. Thus, there are three vertical segments in this figure. Each vertical segment is labeled 'a'. Each horizontal side of the two smaller rectangles is labeled 'b'.
286: This figure shows one large rectangle. A vertical line segment bisects the longer horizontal sides of the rectangle, resulting in two smaller rectangles. Thus, there are three vertical segments in this figure. Each vertical segment is labeled 'a'. Each horizontal side of the two smaller rectangles is labeled 'b'. The smaller rectangle on the left is highlighted.
287: A graph of a section of a parabola labeled 'water', opening downward with the vertex to the right of the vertical w axis and above the horizontal x axis, one endpoint at the origin, and one endpoint on the positive x axis.
288: This diagram presents a rectangular kennel surrounded by a fence on three sides and a garage on the fourth. The side parallel to the garage is labeled 'l'.
Lesson 11:
289: The graph of y=x^2+2x+1 is a parabola.
290: Two parabolas are graphed in the xy-plane.  The parabola represented by the equation y=(x+2)^2+4 opens upward, has a vertex located at (-2, 4), and a y-intercept located at (0, 8). The parabola represented by the equation y=-0.5x^2+2x+3 opens downward, has a vertex located at (2, 5), and a y-intercept located at (0, 3).
291: Three parabolas are graphed in the xy-plane, each with a different number of x-intercepts. The parabola represented by the equation y=-2(x+3)(x+7) opens downward and has two x-intercepts, (-7, 0) and (-3, 0). The parabola represented by the equation y=x^2 opens upward and has one x-intercept, (0, 0). The parabola represented by the equation y=-0.25(x-5)^2-3 opens downward and has no x-intercept.
292: A parabola is graphed in the xy-plane. The parabola opens upward and has a vertex at (2,0). A vertical line represented by x=2, is drawn through the vertex, establishing vertical symmetry. The parabola contains the symmetrical points (1,3) and (3,3), as well as (0, 4) and (4, 4).
293: The graph of y=-x^2+4x+5 is a parabola that opens downward. The graph crosses the y-axis at (0, 5), changes directions from increasing to decreasing at (2, 9), and crosses the x-axis at (-1, 0) and (5, 0).
294: Four parabolas are graphed in the xy-plane, each represented by the equation y=ax^2 for a different value of a. The four parabolas share a vertex at (0,0) but have different widths. The parabola corresponding to a=0.1 is the most shallow and wide, and the parabolas corresponding to a=0.5, a=1, and a=2 are increasingly steep and narrow.
295: A parabola in the xy-plane opens downward, has a vertex located at (-3, 3), and has zeros located at (-4, 0) and (-2, 0).
296: A parabola is graphed in the xy-plane. The parabola opens upward and contains the points (-1, 0), (0, -5), (2, -9), and (5, 0).
297: A parabola is graphed in the xy-plane. The parabola opens upward and contains the points (-1, 0), (0, -3), (1,-4), and (3, 0).
298: Five parabolas are graphed in the xy-plane. One of the parabolas represents the equation y=x^2-3, and the other four parabolas represent the graph of y=x^2-3 translated right, left, up, and down.
299: Four parabolas are graphed in the xy-plane. One of the parabolas represents the equation y=x^2-2x-2, and the other three parabolas represent the graph of y=x^2-2x-2 reflected across the x-axis, reflected across the y-axis, and stretched vertically by a factor of 3.
300: A parabola is graphed in the xy-plane. The parabola opens downward and contains the points (-1, 0), (1,4), and (3, 0).
Quadratic graphs: advanced (Quiz)
301: In the 'x''y'-plane, the parabola $y=2(x-4)^2+2$ is shown with vertex $(4,2)$ opening upwards.  The parabola $y=-(x-4)^2+12$ is shown with vertex $(4,12)$ opening downwards.  The parabolas share the same vertical axis of symmetry at $x=4$.
302: In the 'x''y'-plane, two parabolas are shown.  They share the vertex $(-2,-4)$ and the vertical line of symmetry $x=-2$.  The one with leading constant $3$ opens upwards, is concave up, and has a minimum value at its vertex.  The one with leading constant $-3$ opens downwards, is concave down, and has a maximum value at its vertex.
303: The 'x''y'-plane is shown with the points $(-3,0)$ and $(7,0)$ marked.
304: The 'x''y'-plane is shown with the points $(-3,0)$ and $(7,0)$ marked.  A vertical line is drawn at $x=2$.
305: In the 'x''y'-plane, two upward facing parabolas are drawn.  When one of the parabolas is reflected over the 'y'-axis, the result is the other parabola.
306: In the 'x' 'y' plane, a downward facing parabola has vertex $(2, 5)$ and 'y' intercept 3 and 'x' intercepts of slightly less than negative 1 and slightly more than 5.
307: In the 'x' 'y' plane, a downward facing parabola has vertex $(-2, 3)$ and 'x' intercepts of about negative 4.5 and about 0.5.
308: A dashed parabola and a solid parabola are shown in the 'x' 'y' plane. The dashed parabola has vertex $(3, 9)$ and opens down, intersecting the 'x' axis at about negative 0.5  and at about 6.5. The solid parabola has vertex $(3, -3)$ and opens up.  It has the same 'x' intercepts as the dashed parabola.
309: The original image is shown, but the dashed parabola is labelled 'g' and the solid parabola is labelled 'f'. A third parabola is also shown, and it is labelled negative 'f'.  The third parabola has vertex $(3, 3)$ and opens down.  It shares the same 'x' intercepts as the other two parabolas.
310: ​​This graph plots a parabola that opens upward with vertex  (2, 3). The graph intersects the 'y' axis at y = 7 and contains the points (1, 4) and (3, 4).
311: This graph plots a parabola that opens upward with vertex  (2, 3). The graph intersects the 'y' axis at y = 7 and contains the points (1, 4) and (3, 4).
312: This graph plots a parabola that opens downward with vertex  (2, -3). The graph intersects the 'y' axis at y = -7 and contains the points (1, -4) and (3, -4).
313: The graph plots a parabola that opens downward with vertex (2, 0). The graph intersects the 'y' axis at y = -4 and contains the point (4, -4).
314: In the 'x''y'-plane, a parabola with vertex $(1.5,4.75)$ opens downward.
315: A solid and a dashed parabola are shown in the 'x' 'y' plane.  Both parabolas open downward.  The dashed parabola has vertex $(-3, 3)$ and 'x' intercepts of -6.5 and 0.5.  It has a 'y' intercept of slightly less than 1.  The solid parabola has vertex $(-3, -2)$.  It has a 'y' intercept of slightly less than negative 4.
316: The original image is shown, but the dashed curve is labelled 'g' and the solid curve is labelled 'f'.
317: On the 'x''y'-plane, the parabola $y=2(x-3)^2-7$ with vertex $(3,2)$ opens downward.  The parabola $y=-(x-3)^2+2$ with vertex $(3,-7)$ opens upward.  The parabolas share the axis of symmetry $x=3$.
318: A solid and a dashed parabola are shown in the 'x' 'y' plane.  Both parabolas open downward. The dashed parabola has vertex of about $(3, 4)$.  It has a 'y' intercept of slightly less than 0 and 'x' intercepts of slightly more than 0 and slightly less than 6. The solid parabola has vertex $(3, 2)$.  It has a 'y' intercept of slightly less than 0 and shares the same 'x' intercepts as the dashed curve.
319: The original image is shown, but the dashed curve is labelled 'g' and the solid curve is labelled 'f'.
320: A solid and a dashed parabola are shown in the 'x' 'y' plane.  Both parabolas open downward.  The dashed parabola has vertex $(-2, 2)$.  It has a 'y' intercept of 1 and 'x' intercepts of slightly more than negative 5 and slightly less than 1.  The solid parabola has vertex $(3, 2)$ and 'x' intercepts of slightly more than 0 and slightly less than 6.
321: The original image is shown, but the dashed curve is labelled 'g' and the solid curve is labelled 'f'.
Lesson 12
322: The exponential function y=2^x+1 is graphed in the xy-plane. The graph is nonlinear and passes through the point (0, 2). The graph gains a steeper positive slope as x increases. As x decreases, the value of y approaches 1. As x increases, the value of y approaches infinity.
323: The exponential function y=2^x+1 is graphed in the xy-plane. The graph contains the points (-2, 1.25), (-1, 1.5), (0, 2), (1, 3), and (2, 5) and has a positive slope. As x decreases, the value of y approaches the horizontal line y=1. As x increases, the value of y approaches infinity.
324: The graphs of y=1.5^x and y=(2/3)^x are shown in the xy-plane. For the graph of y=1.5^x, the value of y approaches infinity as x increases and approaches 0 as x decreases. For the graph of y=(2/3)^x, the value of y approaches 0 as x increases and approaches infinity as x decreases.
325: The graphs of y=1.5^x and y=1.5^x+2 are shown in the xy-plane. or the graph of y=1.5^x, the value of y approaches infinity as x increases and approaches 0 as x decreases. or the graph of y=1.5^x+2, the value of y approaches infinity as x increases and approaches 2 as x decreases.
326: Three exponential functions are graphed in the xy-plane. The graph of y=1.5^x+2 has a y-intercept of 3. The graph of y=2*1.5^x has a y-intercept of 2. The graph of y=2*1.5^x+2 has a y-intercept of 4.
327: An exponential curve in the xy-plane. The curve passes through the points (0, 1), (1, 2), and (2, 4). As $x$ becomes more negative, $y$ becomes closer to $0$. As $x$ becomes more positive, $y$ becomes larger at an increasing rate.
Exponential graphs: advanced (Quiz)
328: In the 'x''y'-plane, a curve begins at the top of the second quadrant, decreasing steeply.  It crosses the 'y'-axis at 1 and then decreases steadily in the first quadrant.  Its horizontal asymptote is the 'x'-axis.
329: In the 'x''y'-plane, the same curve $y=f(x)$ is shown as before.  In addition, the curve $y=g(x)$ is shown.  $g(x)$ begins in the second quadrant, increasing slowly.  It crosses the 'y'-axis at 5 and then increases steeply in the first quadrant.  Its horizontal asymptote is the line $y=2$.
330: A solid curve and a dashed curve are shown in the 'x' 'y' plane.  Both curves approach the 'x' axis as 'x' approaches negative infinity.  Both curves begin in the second quadrant and increase slightly, then steeply, diverging towards infinity.  The solid curve appears the same as the dashed curve, but shifted 3 to the right.
331: The original image is shown, with the dashed curve labelled 'g' and the solid curve labelled 'f'.
332: Two points are plotted in the xy-plane. One point has the coordinates (0, 1) and is labeled g(0)+2=1. The other point has the coordinates (0, -1) and is labeled g(0)=-1.
333: In the 'x''y'-plane, the exponential function $y=g(x)$ begins at the top of the second quadrant, decreasing steeply.  It passes through the point $(-1,6)$ and crosses the 'y'-axis at 2.  It then decreases steadily in the first quadrant.  The exponential function $y=f(x)$ begins at the bottom of the third quadrant, increasing steeply.  It passes through the point $(-1,-6)$ and crosses the 'y'-axis at negative 2.  It then increases steadily in the fourth quadrant.  Both graphs have the 'x'-axis as their horizontal asymptote.
334: Two points are graphed in the xy-plane. One point has the coordinates (-5, 4) and is labeled g(-5+5)=4. The other point has the coordinates (0, 4) and is labeled g(0)=4.
335: An exponential curve labeled y=f(x) is graphed in the xy-plane. The curve has negative slope and passes through the origin. As x increases, y decreases toward -1. As x decreases, y increases toward positive infinity.
336: Another exponential curve labeled y=-f(x) is graphed in the xy-plane. The graph has positive slope and passes through the origin. As x increases, y increases toward 1. As x decreases, y decreases toward negative infinity.
337: An exponential curve with positive slope is graphed in the xy-plane. The graph passes through the point (0, 0). As x increases, y increases toward 1. As x decreases, y decreases toward negative infinity.
338: An exponential curve with positive slope is graphed in the xy-plane. The graph passes through the point (0, 0). As x increases, y increases toward 1. As x decreases, y decreases toward negative infinity.
339: Another exponential curve labeled y=f(-x) is graphed in the xy-plane. The curve has negative slope and passes through the origin. As x increases, y decreases toward -3. As x decreases, y increases toward positive infinity.
340: An exponential curve with negative slope is graphed in the xy-plane. The graph passes through the point (0, 0). As x increases, y decreases toward -3. As x decreases, y increases toward positive infinity.
341: An exponential curve labeled y=f(x) is graphed in the xy-plane. The curve has positive slope and passes through the origin. As x increases, y increases toward positive infinity. As x decreases, y decreases toward -1.
342: Another exponential curve labeled y=f(x-2) is graphed in the xy-plane. The curve has positive slope and passes through the origin. As x increases, y increases toward positive infinity. As x decreases, y decreases toward -1.
343: Another exponential curve labeled y=f(x-2) is graphed in the xy-plane. The curve has positive slope passes through the point (2, 0). As x increases, y increases toward positive infinity. As x decreases, y decreases toward -1.
344: In the 'x''y'-plane, an exponential function begins at the top of the second quadrant, decreasing steeply.  It crosses the 'y'-axis at 8, then decreases steadily in the first quadrant.  Its horizontal asymptote is the 'x'-axis.
345: In the 'x''y'-plane, an exponential function begins at the top of the second quadrant, decreasing steeply.  It crosses the 'y'-axis at 8, then decreases steadily in the first quadrant.  Its horizontal asymptote is the 'x'-axis.  When the function is reflected over the 'y'-axis, the result is the curve $y=g(x)$.
346: In the 'x''y'-plane, the exponential functions $y=f(x)=5(2)^x$ and $y=g(x)=5(1.25)^x$ are shown.  Both have their horizontal asymptote at the 'x'-axis and 'y'-intercept 5.  $f(x)$ is less than $g(x)$ in the second quadrant, but greater than $g(x)$ in the first quadrant.
347: Two points are shown in the xy-plane. One point has the coordinates (2, 1) and is labeled g(-(2))=1. The other point has the coordinates (-2, 1) and is labeled g(-2)=1. A dashed line is drawn along the y-axis.
348: Two dashed curves are plotted in the xy-plane. The curve labeled y=-g(x) passes through the origin. As x increases, y approaches a finite negative value. As x decreases, y approaches positive infinity. The curve labeled y=g(x) also passes through the origin. As x increases, y approaches a finite positive value. As x decreases, y decreases toward negative infinity.
349: A curve labeled y= -(3/4)^x -1 is graphed in the xy-plane. The curve passes through the origin. As x increases, y increases toward 1. As x decreases, y decreases toward negative infinity.
350: A solid curve and a dashed curve are shown in the 'x' 'y' plane.  Both curves approach the 'x' axis as 'x' approaches negative infinity.  Both curves begin in the second quadrant and increase slightly, then steeply, diverging towards infinity.  The solid curve appears the same as the dashed curve, but shifted 3 to the right.
351: The original image is shown, with the dashed curve labelled 'g' and the solid curve labelled 'f'.
352: In the 'x''y'-plane, the exponential function $y=g(x)$ begins at the top of the second quadrant, decreasing steeply.  It passes through the point $(-1,6)$ and crosses the 'y'-axis at 2.  It then decreases steadily in the first quadrant.  The exponential function $y=f(x)$ begins at the bottom of the third quadrant, increasing steeply.  It passes through the point $(-1,-6)$ and crosses the 'y'-axis at negative 2.  It then increases steadily in the fourth quadrant.  Both graphs have the 'x'-axis as their horizontal asymptote.
353: An exponential curve labeled y=f(x) is graphed in the xy-plane. The curve has positive slope and passes through the origin. As x increases, y increases toward positive infinity. As x decreases, y decreases toward -1.
354: Another exponential curve labeled y=f(x-2) is graphed in the xy-plane. The curve has positive slope and passes through the origin. As x increases, y increases toward positive infinity. As x decreases, y decreases toward -1.
355: Another exponential curve labeled y=f(x-2) is graphed in the xy-plane. The curve has positive slope passes through the point (2, 0). As x increases, y increases toward positive infinity. As x decreases, y decreases toward -1.
356: Two points are graphed in the xy-plane. One point has the coordinates (-5, 4) and is labeled g(-5+5)=4. The other point has the coordinates (0, 4) and is labeled g(0)=4.
357: Two points are shown in the xy-plane. One point has the coordinates (2, 1) and is labeled g(-(2))=1. The other point has the coordinates (-2, 1) and is labeled g(-2)=1. A dashed line is drawn along the y-axis.
358: An exponential curve labeled y=f(x) is graphed in the xy-plane. The curve has negative slope and passes through the origin. As x increases, y decreases toward -1. As x decreases, y increases toward positive infinity.
359: Another exponential curve labeled y=-f(x) is graphed in the xy-plane. The graph has positive slope and passes through the origin. As x increases, y increases toward 1. As x decreases, y decreases toward negative infinity.
360: An exponential curve with positive slope is graphed in the xy-plane. The graph passes through the point (0, 0). As x increases, y increases toward 1. As x decreases, y decreases toward negative infinity.
361: An exponential curve labeled y=f(x) is graphed in the xy-plane. The curve has positive slope passes through the origin. As x increases, y increases toward positive infinity. As x decreases, y decreases toward -3.
Lesson 13
362: The polynomial function y=x^3+2x^2-5x-6 is graphed in the xy-plane. The graph intercepts the x-axis at approximately -3, -1, and 2. As x increases, y increases, decreases, and increases. The graph changes direction at the approximate x-values of -2.12 and 0.79.
363: The rational function y=1/x is graphed in the xy-plane. For x<0, the graph is in Quadrant III. As x decreases, y approaches 0. As x approaches 0, y approaches negative infinity. For x>0, the graph is in Quadrant I. As x increases, y approaches 0. As x approaches 0, y approaches positive infinity.
364: The polynomial function y=x^3+2x^2-5x-6 is graphed in the xy-plane. The graph intercepts the x-axis at approximately -3, -1, and 2. The x-intercepts are highlighted.
365: The polynomial function y=x^3+2x^2-5x-6 is graphed in the xy-plane. The y-intercept, (0, -6), is highlighted.
366: The graph of a polynomial function intercepts the x-axis at -4, 0, 1, and 3.
367: The rational function y=1/(x-2) is graphed in the xy-plane. For x<2, as x decreases, y approaches 0; as x approaches 2, y approaches negative infinity. For x>2, as x increases, y approaches 0. As x approaches 2, y approaches positive infinity. A vertical dashed line is drawn at x=2.
Polynomial and other nonlinear graphs: advanced (Quiz)
368: This graph contains a cubic function in the 'x''y'-plane that goes through the origin.
369: This graph contains a cubic function in the 'x''y'-plane. The function intersects the 'x'-axis at 'x' = 3.
370: This is the graph of a polynomial function. The end behavior on the left is negative, and the end behavior on the right is positive. The graph touches, but does not cross the horizontal x axis at x = negative 1 and x = 5.
371: This is the graph of a polynomial function. The end behavior on the left is positive, and the end behavior on the right is negative. The graph touches, but does not cross the horizontal x axis to the left of the vertical y axis and crosses the horizontal x axis to the right of the vertical y axis. The x intercept to the left of the vertical y axis is plotted.
372: This is the graph of a polynomial function. The end behavior on the left is positive, and the end behavior on the right is negative. The graph touches, but does not cross the horizontal x axis to the left of the vertical y axis and crosses the horizontal x axis to the right of the vertical y axis.
373: This is the graph of a polynomial function. The end behavior on the right is negative, and the end behavior on the left is positive. The graph crosses the horizontal x axis at x = negative 20, and at approximately x = 6 and x = 13. The graph has a negative y-intercept. The graph of the polynomial has a turning point around x = negative 10 and another turning point around x = 10. The point on the graph of the polynomial corresponding to x =negative 10 is further away from the x-axis than the point on the graph of the polynomial corresponding to x = 10.
374: This is the graph of a polynomial function. The end behavior on the right is negative, and the end behavior on the left is positive. The graph crosses the horizontal x axis at x = negative 20, and at approximately x = 6 and x = 13. The graph has a negative y-intercept. The graph of the polynomial has a turning point around x = negative 10 and another turning point around x = 10. The point on the graph of the polynomial corresponding to x =negative 10 is plotted and is further away from the x-axis than the point on the graph of the polynomial corresponding to x = 10.
375: This is the graph of a polynomial function. The end behavior on the right is negative, and the end behavior on the left is positive. The graph crosses the horizontal x axis at x = negative 20, and at approximately x = 6 and x = 13. The graph has a negative y-intercept. The graph of the polynomial has a turning point around x = negative 10 and another turning point around x = 10. The point on the graph of the polynomial corresponding to x =negative 10 is plotted and is further away from the x-axis than the point plotted on the graph of the polynomial corresponding to x = 10.
376: This is the graph of a polynomial function. The end behavior on the left is positive, and the end behavior on the right is negative. The graph crosses the horizontal b axis at b = negative 20, b = 10, and b = 20. The graph intersects the vertical h axis at h = negative 4000.
377: This is the graph of a polynomial function. The end behavior on the left is negative, and the end behavior on the right is positive. The graph touches, but does not cross the horizontal t axis to the left of the vertical y axis. The graph crosses the horizontal t axis in two places to the right of the vertical y axis.
378: In the 'x''y'-plane, a hyperbola has vertical asymptote $x=-3$ and horizontal asymptote $y=1$.  The curve begins at the left and then diverges to infinity.  It then re-enters from negative infinity and exits to the right.
379: The same image as above is shown, with the point $(1,0)$ marked.  The curve goes through the point.
380: The original image is shown.
381: In the 'x''y'-plane, a curve approaches negative infinity as 'x' approaches negative infinity.  The curve approaches infinity as 'x' approaches infinity.  The 'x'-intercept of the curve is 0.
382: In the 'x''y'-plane, the curve $y=x^3$ approaches infinity as 'x' approaches negative infinity.  The curve approaches negative infinity as 'x' approaches infinity.  The 'x'-intercept of the curve is 0.  The curve $y=(x+2)^3$ is the same as the previous curve, but shifted to the left 2 units.  Therefore, its x-intercept is negative 2.  The curve $y=-(x+2)^3$ is the same as the previous curve, but it is reflected over the 'x'-axis.  Therefore, it approaches infinity as 'x' approaches negatives infinity, and it approaches negative infinity as 'x' approaches infinity.
383: In the 'x''y'-plane, a curve approaches infinity as 'x' approaches negative infinity.  The curve approaches negative infinity as 'x' approaches infinity.  The 'x'-intercept of the curve is negative 2.
384: In the 'x''y'-plane, a polynomial approaches infinity as 'x' approaches negative infinity.  It also approaches negative infinity as 'x' approaches infinity.  The polynomial appears to have a local minimum at $(-0.5,-0.5)$ and a local maximum at $(1,2)$.  The polynomial appears to have 'x'-intercepts at negative 1, 0, and 2.
385: This is the  graph of a polynomial function. The graph crosses the horizontal x axis at negative three, zero; and is tangent to the horizontal x axis at four, zero.
386: This is the  graph of a polynomial function. The graph crosses the horizontal x axis at negative three, zero; and is tangent to the horizontal x axis at four, zero.
387: This is the graph of a polynomial function. The end behavior on the left is negative, and the end behavior on the right is positive. The graph crosses the horizontal t axis at t = negative 3, t = negative 2, and t = 1.
388: In the 'x''y'-plane, a hyperbola has vertical asymptote $x=4$ and horizontal asymptote $y=2$.  The curve begins at the left and then diverges to negative infinity.  It then re-enters from infinity and exits to the right.  It appears to have vertices near $(0,-1.5)$ and $(6.5,6)$.  The 'x'-intercept of the hyperbola is negative 4.
389: The same image as above is shown.
390: This is the  graph of a polynomial function. The graph crosses the horizontal x axis at zero, zero; one, zero;  and four, zero.
391: This is the  graph of a polynomial function. The graph crosses the horizontal x axis at zero, zero; one, zero;  and four, zero.
392: This is the  graph of a polynomial function. The graph is tangent to the horizontal x axis at zero, zero; and crosses the horizontal x axis at one, zero and four, zero.
        Uploaded until here
Unit 11 - Lesson 1:
393: An array of isosceles triangles. A triangle has height A. Two smaller triangle, one with height B and one with height C, have approximately the same combined height as A.
Lesson 2: 
N/A
Lesson 3: 
394: A stacked bar diagram showing that the percent of salespeople who gave up after 1st contact is 44% and the percent of salespeople who made 2nd contact is 100% minus 44% equals 56%.
395: The 56% of salespeople who made 2nd contact is further divided into two groups. 22.4% gave up after 2nd contact, and 56% minus 22.4% equals 33.6% made 3rd contact.
396: The 33.6% of salespeople who made 3rd contact is further divided into two groups. 13.8% gave up after 3rd contact, and 33.6% minus 13.8% equals 19.8% made 4th contact.
Lesson 3: 
N/A
Lesson 4: 
397: A histogram represents the number of acres that produce different soybean yields in bushels. Soybean yields range from 35 to 75, with classes of width 5. The following list provides the number of acres for each yield interval: 40 to 45 bushels, 25 acres; 45 to 50 bushels, 70 acres; 50 to 55 bushels, 55 acres; 55 to 60 bushels, 20 acres; 60 to 65 bushels, 5 acres; 65 to 70 bushels, 0 acres; 70 to 75 bushels, 0 acres.
398: A dot plot represents height in inches. The horizontal axis is marked from 41 to 57 at intervals of 1. The dots are distributed over the values as follows: 42, 1 dot; 46, 1 dot; 47, 2 dots; 48, 1 dot; 49, 2 dots; 50, 2 dots; 51, 3 dots; 52, 2 dots; 53, 2 dots; 54, 2 dots; 55, 1 dot; 56, 1 dot.
399: This is a dot plot with Area in thousands of square kilometers plotted on a scale from 0 to 2250 in increments of 250. 9 dots are plotted above 0, 5 dots above 250, 2 dots above 500, 1 dot above 750, 1 dot above 1500, and 1 dot above 2000.
400: This image shows the same dot plot as above. The 9 dots below the median are now highlighted in pink. The 9 dots above the median are now highlighted in blue. The median is the first dot above 250 and remains black.
401: This image shows the dot plot from above modified to include an upper bound of 9500, over which one dot is plotted. The 9 dots above 0 and the first dot above 250 are highlighted in pink. The other 10 dots are highlighted in blue.
402: This figure presents a box plot. The numbers on the horizontal axis are 9 through 47 in increments of 2. There is a dot approximately above 9.5 with a horizontal line segment extending to the right from the dot to the edge of a rectangle approximately above 30. The rectangle extends from approximately above 30 to approximately above 39.5. There is a vertical line segment in the rectangle above 36. A horizontal line segment extends from the right edge of the rectangle to a dot approximately above 44.5.
403: This is a dotplot with distances traveled in inches plotted on a scale from 65 to 155 in increments of 1. 1 dot is plotted above 65, 1 dot above 69, 1 dot above 73, 3 dots above 76, 1 dot above 80, 1 dot above 82, 1 dot above 92, 1 dot above 93, 2 dots above 95, 2 dots above 99, 3 dots above 102, 1 dot above 108, 1 dot above 110, 2 dots above 112, 1 dot above 120, 1 dot above 130, 1 dot above 135, 1 dot above 139, 2 dots above 144, and 1 dot above 152.
404: This is a dotplot with distances traveled in inches plotted on a scale from 45 to 105 in increments of 1. 1 dot is plotted above 45, 3 dots above 60, 4 dots above 65, 2 dots above 70, 8 dots above 75, 11 dots above 80, 13 dots above 85, and 8 dots above 90.
405: A line graph shows the average temperature in degrees Fahrenheit of City A and City B over the 7 days. City A is represented by a solid line and contains the following points: (1, 59), (2, 57), (3, 46), (4, 40), (5, 38), (6, 38), and (7, 39). City B is represented by a dashed line and contains the following points: (1, 52), (2, 48), (3, 49), (4, 53), (5, 53), (6, 50), (7, 50).
406: This image shows the dot plot for Class D above.
407: This image shows the dot plot for Class D above.This is a dotplot with distances traveled in inches plotted on a scale from 65 to 155 in increments of 1. 1 dot is plotted above 65, 1 dot above 69, 1 dot above 73, 3 dots above 76, 1 dot above 80, 1 dot above 82, 1 dot above 92, 1 dot above 93, 2 dots above 95, 2 dots above 99, 3 dots above 102, 1 dot above 108, 1 dot above 110, 2 dots above 112, 1 dot above 120, 1 dot above 130, 1 dot above 135, 1 dot above 139, 2 dots above 144, and 1 dot above 152.
408: This is a dotplot with distances traveled in inches plotted on a scale from 45 to 105 in increments of 1. 1 dot is plotted above 45, 3 dots above 60, 4 dots above 65, 2 dots above 70, 8 dots above 75, 11 dots above 80, 13 dots above 85, and 8 dots above 90.
Lesson 5:
409: A bar graph represents the number of sunny days in 2019 for four different towns, as follows: Duskville, 100; Lumi, 225; Rayton, 175; Sunnydale, 275.
410: A line graph plots the number of students versus year, for the period from 2014 to 2018. The enrollment numbers are as follows: 2014, 2200 students; 2015, 2350 students; 2016, 2600 students; 2017, 2800 students; 2018, 2900 students.
411: A vertical bar graph shows the number of women in the following US Congresses: 101st, 31; 101nd, 33; 103rd, 55; 104th, 59; 105th, 66.
412: A line graph titled "Paulina's Video Game Collection" plots number of video games versus years since 2014. The graph contains the following connected points: (0, 1), (1, 5), (2, 9), (3, 12), (4, 14), (5, 15), and (6, 20).
Data representations: advanced (Quiz)
413: This chart presents a graph in the 'T' 'A' plane. The horizontal axis is time in months and has tick marks from zero to 10 in increments of 2.  The vertical axis is area in acres and has tick marks from zero to 30 in increments of 10. The points zero comma 20 and 6 comma zero are plotted.
414: This is the graph from the first answer choice.
415: This chart presents a graph in the 't' 'a' plane. The horizontal axis is time in milliseconds and has tick marks from zero to 55 in increments of 5.  The vertical axis is acceleration in meters per second squared and has tick marks from zero to 250 in increments of 50. The graph is a parabola that opens downward with 't' intercepts at the origin and at 30 comma zero. The line of symmetry of the parabola is drawn in as a dotted segment from the point 15 comma zero to the parabola's maximum at 15 comma 200.
416: This chart presents a graph in the 't' 'v' plane. The horizontal axis is time in minutes and has tick marks from 0 to 5 in increments of 1.  The vertical axis is volume of water in liters and has tick marks from 0 to 400 in increments of 40. The graph shows a line that starts at the point zero comma 360, then proceeds downward to the right to the point 5 comma zero.
417: This image shows the same graph as above, but now the points 0 comma 360 and 5 comma 0 are each highlighted with a pink dot.
418: This chart presents a graph in the 'a' 'r' plane. The horizontal axis is age in years and has tick marks from zero to 30 in increments of 5.  The vertical axis is growth rate in kilograms per year and has tick marks from zero to 800 in increments of 200. The points 1 comma 50 and 29 comma 50 are plotted.
419: This image is the same graph from the previous hint, but now the point 16 comma 600 is also plotted.
420: This is the graph from the third answer choice.
421: This image is a graph in the 's' 'm' plane. The horizontal axis is speed in miles per hour and has tick marks from 0 to 70 in increments of 10.  The vertical axis is mileage in miles per gallon and has tick marks from negative 2 to 18 in increments of 2. There are 11 points plotted on the graph forming a symmetrical curve that increases, then decreases. The first point plotted is 30 comma 13; then the curve goes up to the point 55 comma 18 and back down to the point 80 comma 13.
422: A vertical bar graph titled "Peregrine Falcons in Canada" shows the number of occupied sites every 5 years from 1990 to 2010. They number of occupied sites by year are as follows: 1990, 300; 1995, 350; 2000, 400; 2005, 550; 2010, 600.
423: A vertical bar graph titled "Peregrine Falcons in Canada" shows the number of occupied sites every 5 years from 1990 to 2010. They number of occupied sites by year are as follows: 1990, 300; 1995, 350; 2000, 400; 2005, 550; 2010, 600.
424: This chart presents a graph in the 'C' 'm' plane. The horizontal axis is concentration in grams per liter and has tick marks from zero to 40 in increments of 20.  The vertical axis is mass in grams and has tick marks from zero to 200 in increments of 100. The dotted line 'C' equals 15 is graphed.
425: This is the graph from the last answer choice.
426: This chart presents a graph in the 'T' 'd' plane. The horizontal axis is temperature in degrees Celsius and has tick marks from 0 to 10 in increments of 2.  The vertical axis is density in kilograms per cubic meter and has tick marks from 999.1 to 999.9 in increments of 0.1. There are 13 points plotted on the graph that form a curve starting at the point zero comma 999.85, increasing to a maximum 'd' value of almost 1000 at 'T' equals 4, and then decreasing until the last visible point at 12 comma 999.5.
427: This chart presents a graph in the 'x' 'y' plane. The horizontal axis is time in minutes and has tick marks from 0 to 5 in increments of 0.5.  The vertical axis is temperature in degrees Celsius and has tick marks from negative 5 to 35 in increments of 5. The graph shows a line that starts from the 'y' axis slightly below negative 5, hits the 'x' axis at about halfway between 0.5 and 1, then continues upward to the right through the point 2 comma 10 and the point 4.5 comma 30.
428: This image shows the same graph as above, but now the points 2 comma 10 and 4.5 comma 30 are each marked.
429: This chart presents a graph in the 'd' 'a' plane. The horizontal axis is distance in thousands of miles and has tick marks from zero to 10 in increments of 2.  The vertical axis is acceleration in meters per second squared and has tick marks from zero to 12 in increments of 2. The point zero comma zero is plotted in blue.
430: This is the same graph as in the hint above, but now the point 4 comma 9.8 is plotted in blue.
431: This is the graph from the first answer choice.
432: This chart presents a graph in the 't' 'd' plane.  The horizontal 't' axis is labeled Seconds after race began. The vertical 'd' axis is labeled distance in meters. The graph shows three curves. The solid line is labeled 'B' and increases at a constant rate from the origin. The dotted curve is labeled 'R' and increases from the origin, gradually at first and then more rapidly. The dashed curve is labeled 'G' and increases at a constant rate from the origin, then proceeds horizontally to the right for a while, and finally increases again at a rate comparable to its initial rate.
433: This image is the graph from above simplified to show only the curve marked 'G'. The horizontal portion of the curve is circled.
434: This chart has one plot of data.  The horizontal 'd' axis is days after budding and has tick marks from zero to 180, in steps of 20. The vertical 'G' axis is growth rate in milligrams per day and has tick marks from zero to 70, in steps of 10. The data set consists of 14 points of data. The first data point is at the point 60 comma 5, and the data trends upward to a local maximum at 90 comma 40, then downward to a local minimum at 110 comma 25, then upward again to a local maximum of 130 comma 50, then downward to the point 180 comma 0, and finally finishes at the point 190 comma negative 5.
435: This image is an enlarged version of the graph from the first answer choice. A dashed line is drawn in at 'C' equals 8 with the label Graph approaches line 'C' equals 8. Another dashed line is drawn in approximating the slope at 's' equals 10, with the label Slope is steepest at 's' equals 10.
436: This is (Choice A, Checked, Correct)   This chart presents a graph in the 's' 'C' plane. The horizontal axis is seconds and has tick marks from zero to 30 in increments of 10.  The vertical axis is concentration in grams per liter and has tick marks from zero to 10 in increments of 2. The graph is a curve that starts at the origin and increases gradually, then rapidly, then gradually again, approaching 'C' equals 8. \[\small{10}\] \[\small{20}\] \[\small{2}\] \[\small{4}\] \[\small{6}\] \[\small{8}\] \[\small{10}\] \[C\] \[s\] This chart presents a graph in the 's' 'C' plane. The horizontal axis is seconds and has tick marks from zero to 30 in increments of 10.  The vertical axis is concentration in grams per liter and has tick marks from zero to 10 in increments of 2. The graph is a curve that starts at the origin and increases gradually, then rapidly, then gradually again, approaching 'C' equals 8.
* Started taking pictures from answer choices
437: (Choice B, Incorrect)   This chart presents a graph in the 's' 'C' plane. The horizontal axis is seconds and has tick marks from zero to 30 in increments of 10.  The vertical axis is concentration in grams per liter and has tick marks from zero to 10 in increments of 2. The graph is a curve that starts at the point zero comma 6 and increases gradually, then rapidly, then gradually again, approaching 'C' equals 10. \[\small{10}\] \[\small{20}\] \[\small{2}\] \[\small{4}\] \[\small{6}\] \[\small{8}\] \[\small{10}\] \[C\] \[s\] This chart presents a graph in the 's' 'C' plane. The horizontal axis is seconds and has tick marks from zero to 30 in increments of 10.  The vertical axis is concentration in grams per liter and has tick marks from zero to 10 in increments of 2. The graph is a curve that starts at the point zero comma 6 and increases gradually, then rapidly, then gradually again, approaching 'C' equals 10.
438: (Choice C, Incorrect)   This chart presents a graph in the 's' 'C' plane. The horizontal axis is seconds and has tick marks from zero to 30 in increments of 10.  The vertical axis is concentration in grams per liter and has tick marks from zero to 10 in increments of 2. The graph is a curve that starts at the point zero comma 8 and decreases gradually, then rapidly, then gradually again, approaching 'C' equals zero. \[\small{10}\] \[\small{20}\] \[\small{2}\] \[\small{4}\] \[\small{6}\] \[\small{8}\] \[\small{10}\] \[C\] \[s\] This chart presents a graph in the 's' 'C' plane. The horizontal axis is seconds and has tick marks from zero to 30 in increments of 10.  The vertical axis is concentration in grams per liter and has tick marks from zero to 10 in increments of 2. The graph is a curve that starts at the point zero comma 8 and decreases gradually, then rapidly, then gradually again, approaching 'C' equals zero.
439: (Choice D, Incorrect)   This chart presents a graph in the 's' 'C' plane. The horizontal axis is seconds and has tick marks from zero to 30 in increments of 10.  The vertical axis is concentration in grams per liter and has tick marks from zero to 10 in increments of 2. The graph is a curve that starts at the point zero comma 1.5, increases to the point 10 comma 10, then declines gradually, approaching 'C' equals 8. \[\small{10}\] \[\small{20}\] \[\small{2}\] \[\small{4}\] \[\small{6}\] \[\small{8}\] \[\small{10}\] \[C\] \[s\] This chart presents a graph in the 's' 'C' plane. The horizontal axis is seconds and has tick marks from zero to 30 in increments of 10.  The vertical axis is concentration in grams per liter and has tick marks from zero to 10 in increments of 2. The graph is a curve that starts at the point zero comma 1.5, increases to the point 10 comma 10, then declines gradually, approaching 'C' equals 8.
440: This image is an enlarged version of the graph from the first answer choice. A dashed line is drawn in at 'C' equals 8 with the label Graph approaches line 'C' equals 8. Another dashed line is drawn in approximating the slope at 's' equals 10, with the label Slope is steepest at 's' equals 10.
441: This image is an enlarged version of the graph from the first answer choice. A dashed line is drawn in at 'C' equals 8 with the label Graph approaches line 'C' equals 8. Another dashed line is drawn in approximating the slope at 's' equals 10, with the label Slope is steepest at 's' equals 10.
442: This image is the same graph as above, but now the points 25 comma 400 and 50 comma 200 are marked.
443: (Choice A)   This chart presents a graph in the 't' 'v' plane. The horizontal axis is time in nanoseconds and has tick marks from zero to 15 in increments of 5.  The vertical axis is voltage in volts and has tick marks from zero to 0.3 in increments of 0.1. The graph is a curve starting at the origin, increasing to the point of approximately 2.5 comma 0.1, continuing horizontally until the point of approximately 12.5 comma 0.1, and finally decreasing to the point 15 comma zero. \[\small{5}\] \[\small{10}\] \[\small{0.1}\] \[\small{0.2}\] \[v\] \[t\] A This chart presents a graph in the 't' 'v' plane. The horizontal axis is time in nanoseconds and has tick marks from zero to 15 in increments of 5.  The vertical axis is voltage in volts and has tick marks from zero to 0.3 in increments of 0.1. The graph is a curve starting at the origin, increasing to the point of approximately 2.5 comma 0.1, continuing horizontally until the point of approximately 12.5 comma 0.1, and finally decreasing to the point 15 comma zero.
444: (Choice B)   This chart presents a graph in the 't' 'v' plane. The horizontal axis is time in nanoseconds and has tick marks from zero to 15 in increments of 5.  The vertical axis is voltage in volts and has tick marks from zero to 0.3 in increments of 0.1. The graph is a curve starting at the origin, increasing at a constant rate to the coordinates 5 comma 0.1, and then decreasing at a constant rate to the point 10 comma zero. \[\small{5}\] \[\small{10}\] \[\small{0.1}\] \[\small{0.2}\] \[v\] \[t\] B This chart presents a graph in the 't' 'v' plane. The horizontal axis is time in nanoseconds and has tick marks from zero to 15 in increments of 5.  The vertical axis is voltage in volts and has tick marks from zero to 0.3 in increments of 0.1. The graph is a curve starting at the origin, increasing at a constant rate to the coordinates 5 comma 0.1, and then decreasing at a constant rate to the point 10 comma zero.
445: (Choice C)   This chart presents a graph in the 't' 'v' plane. The horizontal axis is time in nanoseconds and has tick marks from zero to 15 in increments of 5.  The vertical axis is voltage in volts and has tick marks from zero to 0.3 in increments of 0.1. The graph is a curve starting at the coordinates zero comma 0.1, continuing horizontally until the point of approximately 10 comma 0.1, and then decreasing to the point of approximately 12 comma zero. \[\small{5}\] \[\small{10}\] \[\small{0.1}\] \[\small{0.2}\] \[v\] \[t\] C This chart presents a graph in the 't' 'v' plane. The horizontal axis is time in nanoseconds and has tick marks from zero to 15 in increments of 5.  The vertical axis is voltage in volts and has tick marks from zero to 0.3 in increments of 0.1. The graph is a curve starting at the coordinates zero comma 0.1, continuing horizontally until the point of approximately 10 comma 0.1, and then decreasing to the point of approximately 12 comma zero.
446: (Choice D)   This chart presents a graph in the 't' 'v' plane. The horizontal axis is time in nanoseconds and has tick marks from zero to 15 in increments of 5.  The vertical axis is voltage in volts and has tick marks from zero to 0.3 in increments of 0.1. The graph is a curve starting at the origin, increasing to the point of approximately 2.5 comma 0.1, continuing horizontally until the point of approximately 10 comma 0.1, and finally decreasing to the point 12 comma zero. \[\small{5}\] \[\small{10}\] \[\small{0.1}\] \[\small{0.2}\] \[v\] \[t\] D This chart presents a graph in the 't' 'v' plane. The horizontal axis is time in nanoseconds and has tick marks from zero to 15 in increments of 5.  The vertical axis is voltage in volts and has tick marks from zero to 0.3 in increments of 0.1. The graph is a curve starting at the origin, increasing to the point of approximately 2.5 comma 0.1, continuing horizontally until the point of approximately 10 comma 0.1, and finally decreasing to the point 12 comma zero.
447: This chart presents a graph in the 'T' 'b' plane. The horizontal 'T' axis has tick marks from zero to 80 in increments of 20.  The vertical 'b' axis has tick marks from zero to 80 in increments of 20. The following 5 points are plotted on the graph and labeled with their coordinates: 45 comma 10.1, 55 comma 16.5, 65 comma 26.9, 75 comma 43.8, and 85 comma 71.3.
448: This image shows the same graph from above, but now each point is highlighted in a different color, and a dashed segment connecting each consecutive pair of points is drawn in.
449: This chart presents a graph in the 'x' 'y' plane. The horizontal axis is distance in feet and has tick marks from zero to 10 in increments of 2.  The vertical axis is height in feet and has tick marks from zero to 10 in increments of 2. The graph is a curve that starts at the point zero comma 3, intersects the 'x' axis at 2, swoops below the 'x' axis to a minimum 'y' value of less than negative 2 at 'x' equals 6, and ends at the point 10 comma zero. A This chart presents a graph in the 'x' 'y' plane. The horizontal axis is distance in feet and has tick marks from zero to 10 in increments of 2.  The vertical axis is height in feet and has tick marks from zero to 10 in increments of 2. The graph is a curve that starts at the point zero comma 3, intersects the 'x' axis at 2, swoops below the 'x' axis to a minimum 'y' value of less than negative 2 at 'x' equals 6, and ends at the point 10 comma zero.
450: This chart presents a graph in the 'x' 'y' plane. The horizontal axis is distance in feet and has tick marks from zero to 10 in increments of 2.  The vertical axis is height in feet and has tick marks from zero to 10 in increments of 2. The graph is a curve that starts on the 'y' axis at $y=9.8$, increases to a maximum 'y' value of 10 at 'x' equals 2, and ends at the point 10 comma zero. B This chart presents a graph in the 'x' 'y' plane. The horizontal axis is distance in feet and has tick marks from zero to 10 in increments of 2.  The vertical axis is height in feet and has tick marks from zero to 10 in increments of 2. The graph is a curve that starts on the 'y' axis at $y=9.8$, increases to a maximum 'y' value of 10 at 'x' equals 2, and ends at the point 10 comma zero.
451: This chart presents a graph in the 'x' 'y' plane. The horizontal axis is distance in feet and has tick marks from zero to 10 in increments of 2.  The vertical axis is height in feet and has tick marks from zero to 10 in increments of 2. The graph is a curve that starts at the point zero comma 2, increases to a maximum 'y' value of approximately 5 where 'x' equals approximately 4, and ends at the point 10 comma zero. C This chart presents a graph in the 'x' 'y' plane. The horizontal axis is distance in feet and has tick marks from zero to 10 in increments of 2.  The vertical axis is height in feet and has tick marks from zero to 10 in increments of 2. The graph is a curve that starts at the point zero comma 2, increases to a maximum 'y' value of approximately 5 where 'x' equals approximately 4, and ends at the point 10 comma zero.
452: This chart presents a graph in the 'x' 'y' plane. The horizontal axis is distance in feet and has tick marks from zero to 10 in increments of 2.  The vertical axis is height in feet and has tick marks from zero to 10 in increments of 2. The graph is a curve that starts at the point zero comma 2, intersects the 'x' axis at about 1.3, swoops below the 'x' axis to a minimum 'y' value of approximately negative 3 at 'x' equals approximately 6, and ends at the point 10 comma zero.
453: This image is the graph from the third answer choice. The 'y' intercept of zero comma 2 and the 'x' intercept of 10 comma zero are highlighted.
454: This image is the graph from the third answer choice. The 'y' intercept of zero comma 2 and the 'x' intercept of 10 comma zero are highlighted. The extra 'x' intercept between 'x' equals 1 and 'x' equals 2 is marked with a purple dot to show that it does not belong.
455: A vertical bar graph shows US DVD sales in billions of dollars from 2007 to 2012. The data are as follows: 2007, 15.7; 2008, 11.6; 2009, 9.8; 2010, 8.7; 2011, 6.8; 2012, 6.2.
456: The vertical bar for the year 2007 is highlighted.
457: The vertical bar for the year 2007 is highlighted.
458: This chart presents a graph in the 'T' 'h' plane. The horizontal axis is temperature in degrees Fahrenheit and has tick marks from zero to 140 in increments of 20.  The vertical axis is bounce height in inches and has tick marks from zero to 30 in increments of 5. There are 10 points plotted on the graph. From the initial point 40 comma 10, the path of the points increases to the highest point 80 comma 27, then decreases to the final point, 130 comma 9. A dotted line at 'h' equals 27 is drawn in.
459: This chart presents a graph in the 't' 'A' plane. The horizontal axis is time in minutes and has tick marks from 0 to 80 in increments of 8.  The vertical axis is altitude in meters and has tick marks from negative 480 to 480 in increments of 80. The graph shows a line that starts at the point zero comma 440 and proceeds downward to the right through the point 40 comma zero.
460: This image shows the same graph as above, but now the points zero comma 440 and 40 comma zero are each highlighted with a pink dot.
461: This chart presents a graph in the 't' 'L' plane. The horizontal axis is time in years and has tick marks from zero to 6 in increments of 1.  The vertical axis is balance in thousands of dollars and has tick marks from zero to 10 in increments of 2. The graph is a curve starting at the point zero comma 5, increasing to a maximum point of approximately 2 comma 6, and decreasing to a final point of 5 comma zero. \[\small{1}\] \[\small{2}\] \[\small{3}\] \[\small{4}\] \[\small{5}\] \[\small{2}\] \[\small{4}\] \[\small{6}\] \[\small{8}\] \[L\] \[t\] A This chart presents a graph in the 't' 'L' plane. The horizontal axis is time in years and has tick marks from zero to 6 in increments of 1.  The vertical axis is balance in thousands of dollars and has tick marks from zero to 10 in increments of 2. The graph is a curve starting at the point zero comma 5, increasing to a maximum point of approximately 2 comma 6, and decreasing to a final point of 5 comma zero.
462: (Choice A)   This chart presents a graph in the 't' 'L' plane. The horizontal axis is time in years and has tick marks from zero to 6 in increments of 1.  The vertical axis is balance in thousands of dollars and has tick marks from zero to 10 in increments of 2. The graph is a curve starting at the point zero comma 5, increasing to a maximum point of approximately 2 comma 6, and decreasing to a final point of 5 comma zero. \[\small{1}\] \[\small{2}\] \[\small{3}\] \[\small{4}\] \[\small{5}\] \[\small{2}\] \[\small{4}\] \[\small{6}\] \[\small{8}\] \[L\] \[t\] A This chart presents a graph in the 't' 'L' plane. The horizontal axis is time in years and has tick marks from zero to 6 in increments of 1.  The vertical axis is balance in thousands of dollars and has tick marks from zero to 10 in increments of 2. The graph is a curve starting at the point zero comma 5, increasing to a maximum point of approximately 2 comma 6, and decreasing to a final point of 5 comma zero.
463: This chart presents a graph in the 't' 'L' plane. The horizontal axis is time in years and has tick marks from zero to 6 in increments of 1.  The vertical axis is balance in thousands of dollars and has tick marks from zero to 10 in increments of 2. The graph is a curve starting at the point zero comma 6, increasing to a maximum of approximately 2 comma 6.8, and decreasing to a final point of 6 comma zero. \[\small{1}\] \[\small{2}\] \[\small{3}\] \[\small{4}\] \[\small{5}\] \[\small{2}\] \[\small{4}\] \[\small{6}\] \[\small{8}\] \[L\] \[t\] C This chart presents a graph in the 't' 'L' plane. The horizontal axis is time in years and has tick marks from zero to 6 in increments of 1.  The vertical axis is balance in thousands of dollars and has tick marks from zero to 10 in increments of 2. The graph is a curve starting at the point zero comma 6, increasing to a maximum of approximately 2 comma 6.8, and decreasing to a final point of 6 comma zero.
464: This chart presents a graph in the 't' 'L' plane. The horizontal axis is time in years and has tick marks from zero to 6 in increments of 1.  The vertical axis is balance in thousands of dollars and has tick marks from zero to 10 in increments of 2. The graph is a curve starting at the point zero comma 5, increasing to a maximum of approximately 2 comma 5.7, and decreasing to a final point of 6 comma zero. \[\small{1}\] \[\small{2}\] \[\small{3}\] \[\small{4}\] \[\small{5}\] \[\small{2}\] \[\small{4}\] \[\small{6}\] \[\small{8}\] \[L\] \[t\] D This chart presents a graph in the 't' 'L' plane. The horizontal axis is time in years and has tick marks from zero to 6 in increments of 1.  The vertical axis is balance in thousands of dollars and has tick marks from zero to 10 in increments of 2. The graph is a curve starting at the point zero comma 5, increasing to a maximum of approximately 2 comma 5.7, and decreasing to a final point of 6 comma zero.
465: This chart presents a graph in the 't' 'L' plane. The horizontal axis is time in years and has tick marks from zero to 6 in increments of 1.  The vertical axis is balance in thousands of dollars and has tick marks from zero to 10 in increments of 2. The point zero comma 6 is plotted.
466: This chart presents a graph in the 't' 'L' plane. The horizontal axis is time in years and has tick marks from zero to 6 in increments of 1.  The vertical axis is balance in thousands of dollars and has tick marks from zero to 10 in increments of 2. The point zero comma 6 is plotted.
467: This is the graph from the second answer choice.This chart presents a graph in the 'p' 'a' plane. The horizontal axis is period in milliseconds and has tick marks from zero to 40 in increments of 5.  The vertical axis is amplitude in millimeters and has tick marks from zero to 14 in increments of 2. The graph is a curve starting at the origin, increasing to a maximum point of 10 comma 7.5, and then decreasing to the last visible point of approximately 40 comma 1.5.
468: This chart presents a graph in the 's' 'T' plane. The horizontal axis is time in seconds and has tick marks from zero to 60 in increments of 10.  The vertical axis is temperature in degrees Fahrenheit and has tick marks from zero to 350 in increments of 50. The graph is a curve starting at the point zero comma 50, increasing to a maximum point of 30 comma 275, and then decreasing to the last visible point of 60 comma 175.
469: This image is the same graph as above, but now the points zero comma 50 and 30 comma 275 are labeled.
470: This is the graph from the first answer choice. The point zero comma 60 is now labeled and highlighted in red. The line 'm' equals 1.5 is now drawn in as a dashed line and labeled in purple.  The line $m=1.5$ is the horizontal asymptote of the curve.
471: This chart presents a graph in the 't' 'E' plane. The horizontal axis is time in seconds and has tick marks from 0 to 2000 in increments of 400.  The vertical axis is elevation in meters and has tick marks from 0 to 9000 in increments of 1000. The graph shows a line that starts at the point zero comma 8,500, then proceeds downward to the right to the point 1,700 comma zero.
472: This chart presents a graph in the 't' 'E' plane. The horizontal axis is time in seconds and has tick marks from 0 to 2000 in increments of 400.  The vertical axis is elevation in meters and has tick marks from 0 to 9000 in increments of 1000. The graph shows a line that starts at the point zero comma 8,500, then proceeds downward to the right to the point 1,700 comma zero.
473: This chart presents a graph in the 't' 'A' plane. The horizontal axis is time in years and has tick marks from zero to 5 in increments of 1.  The vertical axis is account in thousands of dollars and has tick marks from zero to 8 in increments of 2. The graph is a piecewise function divided into three intervals. The first piece starts at the point zero comma 5 and increases toward the point 2 comma 6.5. The second piece starts at the point 2 comma 3 and increases toward the point 4 comma 4. The third piece starts at the point 4 comma 6.5 and increases toward the point 6 comma 8.5. \[\small{1}\] \[\small{2}\] \[\small{3}\] \[\small{4}\] \[\small{5}\] \[\small{2}\] \[\small{4}\] \[\small{6}\] \[\small{8}\] \[A\] \[t\] A This chart presents a graph in the 't' 'A' plane. The horizontal axis is time in years and has tick marks from zero to 5 in increments of 1.  The vertical axis is account in thousands of dollars and has tick marks from zero to 8 in increments of 2. The graph is a piecewise function divided into three intervals. The first piece starts at the point zero comma 5 and increases toward the point 2 comma 6.5. The second piece starts at the point 2 comma 3 and increases toward the point 4 comma 4. The third piece starts at the point 4 comma 6.5 and increases toward the point 6 comma 8.5.
474: This chart presents a graph in the 't' 'A' plane. The horizontal axis is time in years and has tick marks from zero to 5 in increments of 1.  The vertical axis is account in thousands of dollars and has tick marks from zero to 8 in increments of 2. The graph is a piecewise function divided into three intervals. The first piece starts at the point zero comma 5 and increases toward the point 2 comma 6.5. The second piece starts at the point 2 comma 3 and increases toward the point 4 comma 4. The third piece starts at the point 4 comma 7.5 and increases toward the point 6 comma 10. \[\small{1}\] \[\small{2}\] \[\small{3}\] \[\small{4}\] \[\small{5}\] \[\small{2}\] \[\small{4}\] \[\small{6}\] \[\small{8}\] \[A\] \[t\] B This chart presents a graph in the 't' 'A' plane. The horizontal axis is time in years and has tick marks from zero to 5 in increments of 1.  The vertical axis is account in thousands of dollars and has tick marks from zero to 8 in increments of 2. The graph is a piecewise function divided into three intervals. The first piece starts at the point zero comma 5 and increases toward the point 2 comma 6.5. The second piece starts at the point 2 comma 3 and increases toward the point 4 comma 4. The third piece starts at the point 4 comma 7.5 and increases toward the point 6 comma 10.
475: This chart presents a graph in the 't' 'A' plane. The horizontal axis is time in years and has tick marks from zero to 5 in increments of 1.  The vertical axis is account in thousands of dollars and has tick marks from zero to 8 in increments of 2. The graph is a piecewise function divided into three intervals. The first piece starts at the point zero comma 3 and increases toward the point 2 comma 4. The second piece starts at the point 2 comma 6.5 and increases toward the point 4 comma 8.5. The third piece starts at the point 4 comma 6 and increases toward the point 6 comma 7.5 \[\small{1}\] \[\small{2}\] \[\small{3}\] \[\small{4}\] \[\small{5}\] \[\small{2}\] \[\small{4}\] \[\small{6}\] \[\small{8}\] \[A\] \[t\] C This chart presents a graph in the 't' 'A' plane. The horizontal axis is time in years and has tick marks from zero to 5 in increments of 1.  The vertical axis is account in thousands of dollars and has tick marks from zero to 8 in increments of 2. The graph is a piecewise function divided into three intervals. The first piece starts at the point zero comma 3 and increases toward the point 2 comma 4. The second piece starts at the point 2 comma 6.5 and increases toward the point 4 comma 8.5. The third piece starts at the point 4 comma 6 and increases toward the point 6 comma 7.5
476: This chart presents a graph in the 't' 'A' plane. The horizontal axis is time in years and has tick marks from zero to 5 in increments of 1.  The vertical axis is account in thousands of dollars and has tick marks from zero to 8 in increments of 2. The graph is a piecewise function divided into three intervals. The first piece starts at the point zero comma 3 and increases toward the point 2 comma 4. The second piece starts at the point 2 comma 6.5 and increases toward the point 4 comma 8.5. The third piece starts at the point 4 comma 4 and increases toward the point 6 comma 5. \[\small{1}\] \[\small{2}\] \[\small{3}\] \[\small{4}\] \[\small{5}\] \[\small{2}\] \[\small{4}\] \[\small{6}\] \[\small{8}\] \[A\] \[t\] D This chart presents a graph in the 't' 'A' plane. The horizontal axis is time in years and has tick marks from zero to 5 in increments of 1.  The vertical axis is account in thousands of dollars and has tick marks from zero to 8 in increments of 2. The graph is a piecewise function divided into three intervals. The first piece starts at the point zero comma 3 and increases toward the point 2 comma 4. The second piece starts at the point 2 comma 6.5 and increases toward the point 4 comma 8.5. The third piece starts at the point 4 comma 4 and increases toward the point 6 comma 5.
477: This chart presents a graph in the 'R' 'I' plane. The horizontal axis is resistance in ohms and has tick marks from zero to 9 in increments of 1.  The vertical axis is current in amperes and has tick marks from zero to 14 in increments of 2. The graph is a curve starting at the point zero comma 8 and decreasing rapidly then gradually toward 'I' equals 4. A dotted line is drawn in at 'I' equals 4.
478: This chart presents a graph in the 'n' 'C' plane. The horizontal axis is number of coats and has tick marks from zero to 200 in increments of 50.  The vertical axis is cost per coat in dollars and has tick marks from zero to 400 in increments of 100. The graph is a curve starting at the point zero comma 300, decreasing to a minimum of 125 comma 175, and increasing to the last visible point of 200 comma 225. \[\small{50}\] \[\small{100}\] \[\small{150}\] \[\small{100}\] \[\small{200}\] \[\small{300}\] \[C\] \[n\] A This chart presents a graph in the 'n' 'C' plane. The horizontal axis is number of coats and has tick marks from zero to 200 in increments of 50.  The vertical axis is cost per coat in dollars and has tick marks from zero to 400 in increments of 100. The graph is a curve starting at the point zero comma 300, decreasing to a minimum of 125 comma 175, and increasing to the last visible point of 200 comma 225.
479: This chart presents a graph in the 'n' 'C' plane. The horizontal axis is number of coats and has tick marks from zero to 200 in increments of 50.  The vertical axis is cost per coat in dollars and has tick marks from zero to 400 in increments of 100. The graph is a curve starting at the point zero comma 125, increasing to a maximum of 125 comma 300, and decreasing to the last visible point of 200 comma 225. \[\small{50}\] \[\small{100}\] \[\small{150}\] \[\small{100}\] \[\small{200}\] \[\small{300}\] \[C\] \[n\] B This chart presents a graph in the 'n' 'C' plane. The horizontal axis is number of coats and has tick marks from zero to 200 in increments of 50.  The vertical axis is cost per coat in dollars and has tick marks from zero to 400 in increments of 100. The graph is a curve starting at the point zero comma 125, increasing to a maximum of 125 comma 300, and decreasing to the last visible point of 200 comma 225.
480: This chart presents a graph in the 'n' 'C' plane. The horizontal axis is number of coats and has tick marks from zero to 200 in increments of 50.  The vertical axis is cost per coat in dollars and has tick marks from zero to 400 in increments of 100. The graph is a curve starting at the point zero comma 300, decreasing to a minimum of 125 comma 175, and increasing to the last visible point of 200 comma 350. \[\small{50}\] \[\small{100}\] \[\small{150}\] \[\small{100}\] \[\small{200}\] \[\small{300}\] \[C\] \[n\] C This chart presents a graph in the 'n' 'C' plane. The horizontal axis is number of coats and has tick marks from zero to 200 in increments of 50.  The vertical axis is cost per coat in dollars and has tick marks from zero to 400 in increments of 100. The graph is a curve starting at the point zero comma 300, decreasing to a minimum of 125 comma 175, and increasing to the last visible point of 200 comma 350.
481: This chart presents a graph in the 'n' 'C' plane. The horizontal axis is number of coats and has tick marks from zero to 200 in increments of 50.  The vertical axis is cost per coat in dollars and has tick marks from zero to 400 in increments of 100. The graph is a curve starting at the point zero comma 300, decreasing to a minimum of 75 comma 125, and increasing to the last visible point of 200 comma 250. \[\small{50}\] \[\small{100}\] \[\small{150}\] \[\small{100}\] \[\small{200}\] \[\small{300}\] \[C\] \[n\] D This chart presents a graph in the 'n' 'C' plane. The horizontal axis is number of coats and has tick marks from zero to 200 in increments of 50.  The vertical axis is cost per coat in dollars and has tick marks from zero to 400 in increments of 100. The graph is a curve starting at the point zero comma 300, decreasing to a minimum of 75 comma 125, and increasing to the last visible point of 200 comma 250.
482: A vertical bar graph titled "International Box Office by Region" shows the box office in billions of dollars for years 2014 to 2015 in three regions. The data are as follows. 2014: Europe, Middle East, and Africa, 10.6; Asia Pacific, 12.4; Latin America, 3.0. 2015: Europe, Middle East, and Africa, 9.7; Asia Pacific, 14.2; Latin America, 3.4. 2016: Europe, Middle East, and Africa, 9.7; Asia Pacific, 15.0; Latin America, 2.8. 2017: Europe, Middle East, and Africa, 10.1; Asia Pacific, 15.9; Latin America, 3.4. 2018: Europe, Middle East, and Africa, 9.8; Asia Pacific, 16.7; Latin America, 2.7.
483: This chart presents a graph in the 'd' 'T' plane. The horizontal axis is distance form left edge in centimeters and has tick marks from zero to 60 in increments of 5.  The vertical axis is temperature in degrees Celsius and has tick marks from zero to 180 in increments of 20. The graph is a curve starting at the point of approximately zero comma 32, increasing to a maximum point of 20 comma 120, and then decreasing to the last visible point of approximately 60 comma 18.
Lesson 6:
484: A scatterplot is graphed on the xy-plane. The data points form a tight diagonal cluster that trends upwar
485: A scatterplot and its line of best fit are shown the the xy-plane. The points form a linear cluster that trend upward from left to right. The line of best fit passes through the points (5, 5.2) and (15, 11). Point m is located at (15, 5).
486: A scatterplot graphs the relative housing cost in percent of national average cost versus population density in people per square mile land area. The points form a cluster that trend linearly upward from left to right. The line of best fit is also shown.
487: A scatterplot graphs shoulder height in centimeters versus foot length in centimeters. The points form a tight cluster that trend upward from left to right.
488: A scatterplot graphs height in inches versus width in inches for 12 picture frames. The line of best fit for the scatterplot rises through approximately (5, 4) and (25, 30). The width and height of the frames are as follows: 5 by 5, 7.5 by 5.5, 9 by 12, 11.5 by 17.5, 12 by 9, 12 by 15, 12 by 18, 13 by 9.5, 15 by 15, 18 by 13, 20 by 26, 25 by 34.
489: A scatterplot graphs average rating in points versus price in dollars. The line of best fit for the scatter plot rises through (1, 0), (2, 5), and (3, 10).
490: A scatterplot graphs mileage in thousands of miles versus car age in years. The line of best fit for the scatterplot rises through the points (3, 40) and (8, 100).
491: A scatterplot graphs the number of employees remaining versus time in hours. As time increases, the number of employees remaining decreases slowly at first and more rapidly as time elapses.
492: This chart has one plot of data that starts in the lower left and trends toward the upper right at an increasing rate. The x-axis is number of occupants and has 4 major tick marks from 100 to 400, in steps of 100. The minimum value is 0 and the maximum value is 500. The y-axis is time and has 9 major tick marks from 1 to 9. The minimum value is 0 and the maximum value is 10. The data set consists of 12 points of data. The leftmost and lowest data point is at x = 50 and y = 50. The rightmost data point is at x = 300 and y = 3.5.
493: This chart is the same chart as before with an additional exponential trend curve drawn. The curve starts on the y axis at y = 0.5 and goes through the point x = 300 and y = 3.5.
494: This chart has one plot of data that is increasing on the left side and decreasing on the right side. The x-axis is month of the year during twenty thirteen and has 12 major tick marks from 1 to 12. The minimum value is 0 and the maximum value is 13. The y-axis is the temperature and has 7 major tick marks from 10 to 70, in steps of 10. The minimum value is 0 and the maximum value is 80. The data set consists of 12 points of data. The leftmost data point is at x = 1 and y = 25. The rightmost data point is at x = 12 and y = 23. The highest point is at x = 7 and y = 75.
495: This plot is the same plot as before with a parabolic trend curve drawn with a vertex at x = 7 and y = 77. The curve goes through the origin.
496: This chart has one plot of data that starts in the lower left and trends toward the upper right at an increasing rate. The x-axis is time and has 14 major tick marks from 1 to 14. The minimum value is 0 and the maximum value is 15. The y-axis is total value and has 9 major tick marks from 10 to 90, in steps of 10. The minimum value is 0 and the maximum value is 100. The data set consists of 15 points of data. The leftmost and lowest data point is at x = 0 and y = 20. The rightmost data point is at x = 14 and y = 86.
497: This chart is the same chart as before with an additional exponential trend curve drawn. The curve starts on the y axis at y = 20 and goes through the point x = 4 and y = 30.
498: This chart has one plot of data that is decreasing on the left side and increasing on the right side. The x-axis is years since 2000 and has 9 major tick marks from 0 to 16, in steps of 2. The minimum value is 0 and the maximum value is 16. The y-axis is population and has 9 major tick marks from 600 to 760, in steps of 20. The minimum value is 600 and the maximum value is 760. The data set consists of 15 points of data. The leftmost data point is at x = 0 and y = 642. The lowest data point is at x = 3 and y = 638.
499: This chart is the same chart as before with a parabolic trend curve drawn. The parabola has a minimum at x = 2.8 and y = 638.4 and goes through the y axis at y = 645.
500: This chart has one plot of data that starts in the upper left and trends toward the lower right at a decreasing rate of descent. The x-axis is draft number and has 11 major tick marks from 20 to 220, in steps of 20. The minimum value is 0 and the maximum value is 240. The y-axis is draftee trade value and has 10 major tick marks from 300 to 3000, in steps of 300. The minimum value is 0 and the maximum value is 3000. The data set consists of 12 points of data. The leftmost and highest data point is at x = 0 and y = 3000. Another data point is at x = 100 and y = 100.
501: This chart has one plot of data that starts in the lower left and trends toward the upper right at an increasing rate. The x-axis is years since 1970 and has 21 major tick marks from 3 to 33, in steps of 3. The minimum value is 0 and the maximum value is 36. The y-axis is the points per game and has 8 major tick marks from 2 to 16, in steps of 2. The minimum value is 0 and the maximum value is 18. The data set consists of 21 points of data. The leftmost data point is at x = 3 and y = 0. The rightmost data point is at x = 33 and y = 14.7.
502: This plot is the same plot as before but with an additional curve drawn. The curve is exponential, starts on the y axis around y = 13, and goes through the point x = 25 and y = 50.
503: This chart has one plot of data that starts in the upper left and trends toward the middle right. The x-axis is years since 2008 and has 8 major tick marks from 1 to 8. The minimum value is 0 and the maximum value is 9. The y-axis is number of rock albums sold and has 9 major tick marks from 15 to 135, in steps of 15. The minimum value is 0 and the maximum value is 150. The data set consists of 7 points of data. A trend line is drawn starting from the y axis at y = 132 and goes through the point x = 7 and y = 75.
504: This chart has one plot of data that is increasing on the left side and decreasing on the right side. The x-axis is hourly rate and has 13 major tick marks from 60 to 120, in steps of 5. The minimum value is 65 and the maximum value is 120. The y-axis is monthly earnings and has 7 major tick marks from 3000 to 9000, in steps of 1000. The minimum value is 3000 and the maximum value is 9000. The data set consists of 12 points of data. The leftmost data point is at x = 60 and y = 3900. The highest data point is at x = 90 and y = 8500.
505: This chart is the same chart as before with a parabolic trend curve drawn. The parabola has a maximum at x = 89 and y = 8400 and goes through the point x = 60 and y = 3000.
506: This chart has one plot of data that starts in the upper left and trends toward the lower right at a decreasing rate of descent. The x-axis is time and has 9 major tick marks from 10 to 90, in steps of 10. The minimum value is 0 and the maximum value is 100. The y-axis is voltage and has 9 major tick marks from 2 to 18, in steps of 2. The minimum value is 0 and the maximum value is 20. The data set consists of 20 points of data. The leftmost and highest data point is at x = 0 and y = 17. The rightmost data point is at x = 95 and y = 2.5.
507: This chart is the same chart as before with an additional exponential decay trend curve drawn. The curve starts on the y axis at y = 17.5 and goes through the point x = 50 and y = 6.
508: This chart has one plot of data that starts in the upper left and trends toward the lower right at a decreasing rate of descent. The x-axis is temperature and has 9 major tick marks from 10 to 90, in steps of 10. The minimum value is 0 and the maximum value is 100. The y-axis is brewing time and has 9 major tick marks from 1 to 9. The minimum value is 0 and the maximum value is 10. The data set consists of 14 points of data. The leftmost and highest data point is at x = 25 and y = 9. The rightmost data point is at x = 90 and y = 0.6.
509: This chart is the same chart as before with an additional exponential decay trend curve drawn. The curve intersects the y axis at a point greater than y = 10 and goes through the point x = 80 and y = 1.
510: This chart has one plot of data that is increasing on the left side and decreasing on the right. The x-axis is years since 2004 and has 5 major tick marks from 1 to 5. The minimum value is 0 and the maximum value is 6. The y-axis is prime lending rate and has 9 major tick marks from 1 to 9. The minimum value is 0 and the maximum value is 10. The data set consists of 11 points of data. The highest data point is at x = 3 and y = 8.2. The rightmost data point is at x = 5 and y = 3.2.
511: This chart is the same chart as before with an additional parabolic trend curve drawn. The parabola has a maximum at x = 2.9 and y = 8.5 and goes through the y axis at y = 3.2.
512: This chart has one plot of data that starts in the lower left and trends toward the upper right at an increasing rate. The x-axis is years sine 1900 and has 11 major tick marks from 10 to 110, in steps of 10. The minimum value is 0 and the maximum value is 120. The y-axis is population and has 9 major tick marks from 2 to 18, in steps of 2. The minimum value is 0 and the maximum value is 20. The data set consists of 12 points of data. The leftmost and lowest data point is at x = 0 and y = 0.6. The rightmost data point is at x = 110 and y = 19.
513: This chart is the same chart as before with an additional exponential trend curve drawn. The curve starts on the y axis at y = 0.6 and goes through the point x = 70 and y = 6.
514: This chart has one plot of data that is increasing on the left side and decreasing on the right side. The x-axis is time and has 9 major tick marks from 10 to 90, in steps of 10. The minimum value is 0 and the maximum value is 100. The y-axis is the luminous intensity and has 9 major tick marks from 1 to 9. The minimum value is 0 and the maximum value is 10. The data set consists of 16 points of data. The leftmost data point is at x = 5 and y = 1.3. The rightmost data point is at x = 80 and y = 1.2. The highest point is at x = 45 and y = 5.3.
515: This plot is the same plot as before with an additional parabolic trend curve. The parabola has a maximum at x = 42.5 and y = 5.3 and goes through the origin.
516: This chart has one plot of data that is increasing on the left side and decreasing on the right side. The x-axis is position from left edge and has 7 major tick marks from 5 to 35, in steps of 5. The minimum value is 0 and the maximum value is 40. The y-axis is the density and has 10 major tick marks from 10.05 to 10.5, in steps of 0.05. The minimum value is 10 and the maximum value is 10.5. The data set consists of 19 points of data. The leftmost data point is at x = 0 and y = 10.16. The rightmost data point is at x = 37 and y = 10.17. The highest point is at x = 20 and y = 10.39.
517: This plot is the same plot as before with a parabolic trend curve drawn. The parabola has a vertex at x = 19.5 and y = 10.39 and intersects the y axis at y = 10.13.
518: This chart has one plot of data that is increasing on the left side and decreasing on the right side. The x-axis is age and has 16 major tick marks from 5 to 80, in steps of 5. The minimum value is 0 and the maximum value is 85. The y-axis is bone density and has 7 major tick marks from 0.2 to 1.4, in steps of 0.2. The minimum value is 0 and the maximum value is 1.5. The data set consists of 15 points of data. The leftmost data point is at x = 10 and y = 0.85. The rightmost data point is at x = 70 and y = 0.85. The highest data point is at x = 23 and y = 1.15.
519: This chart is the same chart as before with an additional parabolic trend curve drawn. The parabola has a maximum at x = 32 and y = 1.12 and goes through the y axis at y = 0.94.
520: This chart has one plot of data that starts in the lower left and trends toward the upper right at an increasing rate. The x-axis is temperature and has 4 major tick marks from 10 to 40, in steps of 10. The minimum value is 0 and the maximum value is 50. The y-axis is power and has 5 major tick marks from 0.5 to 2.5, in steps of 0.5. The minimum value is 0 and the maximum value is 3. The data set consists of 9 points of data. The leftmost data point is at x = 0 and y = 0.3. The rightmost data point is at x = 40 and y = 2.8.
521: This chart is the same chart as before with an additional exponential trend curve drawn. The curve starts on the y axis at y = 0.3 and goes through the point x = 40 and y = 3.
522: This chart has one plot of data that starts in the upper left and trends toward the lower right at a decreasing rate of descent. The x-axis is depth and has 9 major tick marks from 1 to 9. The minimum value is 0 and the maximum value is 10. The y-axis is intensity and has 9 major tick marks from 100 to 900, in steps of 100. The minimum value is 0 and the maximum value is 1000. The data set consists of 17 points of data. The leftmost and highest data point is at x = 1 and y = 950. The rightmost data point is at x = 9 and y = 20.
523: This chart is the same chart as before with an additional exponential decay trend curve drawn. The curve has a y intercept greater than 1000 and goes through the point x = 2 and y = 600.
524: This chart has one plot of data that starts in the lower left and trends toward the middle right at an increasing rate. The x-axis is speed and has 9 major tick marks from 1 to 9. The minimum value is 0 and the maximum value is 10. The y-axis is the pressure and has 9 major tick marks from 5 to 45, in steps of 5. The minimum value is 0 and the maximum value is 50. The data set consists of 19 points of data. The leftmost and lowest data point is at x = 0 and y = 9. The rightmost data point is at x = 8.8 and y = 28.
525: This chart is the same chart as before with an additional parabolic trend curve drawn. The parabola has a minimum at x = 0 and y = 8.8 and goes through the point x = 7 and y = 20.
526: This chart has one plot of data that is decreasing on the left side and increasing on the right side. The x-axis is age and has 12 major tick marks from 20 to 31. The minimum value is 20 and the maximum value is 31. The y-axis is salary and has 8 major tick marks from 0 to 7. The minimum value is 0 and the maximum value is 7. The data set consists of 11 points of data. The leftmost data point is at x = 21 and y = 1.1. The lowest data point is at x = 23 and y = 0.7.
527: This chart is the same chart as before with a parabolic trend curve drawn. The parabola has a minimum at x = 23.1 and y = 0.78 and intersects the y axis at y = 1.7.
528: This chart has one plot of data that is increasing on the left side and decreasing on the right side. The x-axis is position from left edge and has 7 major tick marks from 5 to 35, in steps of 5. The minimum value is 0 and the maximum value is 40. The y-axis is the density and has 10 major tick marks from 10.05 to 10.5, in steps of 0.05. The minimum value is 10 and the maximum value is 10.5. The data set consists of 19 points of data. The leftmost data point is at x = 0 and y = 10.16. The rightmost data point is at x = 37 and y = 10.17. The highest point is at x = 20 and y = 10.39.
529: This plot is the same plot as before with a parabolic trend curve drawn. The parabola has a vertex at x = 19.5 and y = 10.39 and intersects the y axis at y = 10.13.
Lesson 7: 
530: This chart has one plot of data that starts in the lower left and trends toward the upper right. The x-axis is the time in months and has 7 major tick marks from 6 to 42. The minimum value is 0 and the maximum value is 48. The y-axis is the price per ticket and has 11 major tick marks from 5 to 55, in steps of 5. The minimum value is 0 and the maximum value is 60. The data set consists of 13 points of data. The leftmost data point is at x = 0 and y = 10. The rightmost data point is at x = 42 and y = 47.
531: This plot is the same plot as before with a trend line drawn starting on the y axis at y = 10 and going through the point x = 24 and y = 30.
532: This chart has one plot of data that starts in the upper left and trends toward the lower right at a decreasing rate of descent. The x-axis is lifetime and has 11 major tick marks from 4 to 44, in steps of 4. The minimum value is 0 and the maximum value is 48. The y-axis is number of decays and has 5 major tick marks from 5 to 25, in steps of 5. The minimum value is 0 and the maximum value is 30. The data set consists of 45 points of data. The leftmost data point is at x = 0 and y = 25. The rightmost data point is at x = 44 and y = 1.
533: This chart is the same chart as before with an additional exponential decay trend curve drawn. The curve intersects the y axis at y = 24 and goes through the point x = 20 and y = 3.
534: This chart has one plot of data that starts in the upper left and trends toward the lower right at a decreasing rate of descent. The x-axis is bounce number and has 14 major tick marks from 1 to 14. The minimum value is 0 and the maximum value is 15. The y-axis is maximum height after bounce and has 4 major tick marks from 1 to 4. The minimum value is 0 and the maximum value is 5. The data set consists of 14 points of data. The leftmost and highest data point is at x = 1 and y = 4.4. The rightmost data point is at x = 14 and y = 0.8.
535: This chart is the same chart as before with an additional exponential decay trend curve drawn. The curve intersects the y axis at y = 5 and goes through the point x = 4 and y = 3.
536: This chart has one plot of data that starts in the upper left and trends toward the lower right at a decreasing rate of descent. The x-axis is time and has 11 major tick marks from 2 to 22, in steps of 2. The minimum value is 0 and the maximum value is 24. The y-axis is voltage and has 9 major tick marks from 2 to 18, in steps of 2. The minimum value is 0 and the maximum value is 20. The data set consists of 25 points of data. The leftmost and highest data point is at x = 0 and y = 58. The rightmost data point is at x = 10 and y = 10.
537: This chart is the same chart as before with an additional exponential decay trend curve drawn. The curve goes through the y axis at y = 58 and goes through the point x = 10 and y = 10.
538: This chart has one plot of data that starts in the upper left and trends toward the lower right at a decreasing rate of descent. The x-axis is tournament round and has 6 major tick marks from 1 to 6. The minimum value is 0 and the maximum value is 7. The y-axis is teams remaining and has 17 major tick marks from 4 to 68, in steps of 4. The minimum value is 0 and the maximum value is 70. The data set consists of 6 points of data. The leftmost and highest data point is at x = 1 and y = 64. The rightmost data point is at x = 6 and y = 2.
539: This chart is the same chart as before with an additional exponential decay trend curve drawn. The curve intersects the y axis at a value greater than 70 and goes through the point x = 2 and y = 32.
540: This chart has one plot of data that starts in the lower left and trends toward the upper right at an increasing rate. The x-axis is years since 1970 and has 8 major tick marks from 5 to 40, in steps of 5. The minimum value is 0 and the maximum value is 45. The y-axis is cost and has 15 major tick marks from 200 to 3000, in steps of 200. The minimum value is 0 and the maximum value is 3200. The data set consists of 9 points of data. An exponential trend curve is drawn starting on the y axis at y = 80 and going through the point x = 20 and y = 600.
541: This chart has one plot of data that starts in the upper left and trends toward the lower right. The x-axis is time and has 9 major tick marks from 8 to 72, in steps of 8. The minimum value is 0 and the maximum value is 80. The y-axis is altitude and has 9 tick marks from 4 to 36, in steps of 4. The minimum value is 0 and the maximum value is 40. The data set consists of 18 points of data. The leftmost data point is at x = 0 and y = 37. The rightmost data point is at x = 68 and y = 0.
542: This plot is the same plot as before with an additional trend line drawn starting on the y axis at y = 37 and going through the point x = 68 and y = 0.
543: This chart has one plot of data that starts in the lower left and trends toward the upper right at an increasing rate. The x-axis is days after initial share of video and has 9 major tick marks from 1 to 9. The minimum value is 0 and the maximum value is 10. The y-axis is number of shares and has 13 major tick marks from 25 to 325, in steps of 25. The minimum value is 0 and the maximum value is 350. The data set consists of 9 points of data. A trend exponential curve is drawn that starts on the y axis at y = 18 and goes through the point x = 6 and y = 125.
544: This chart is the same chart as before with four points indicated on the graph. The first point is x = 1 and y = 25, the second point is x = 2 and y = 35, the third point is x = 3 and y = 48, and the fourth point is x = 4 and y = 65.
545: This chart has one plot of data that starts in the lower left and trends toward the upper right at an increasing rate. The x-axis is time from present and has 9 major tick marks from 2 to 18, in steps of 2. The minimum value is 0 and the maximum value is 20. The y-axis is future exchange price and has 9 major tick marks from 5 to 45, in steps of 5. The minimum value is 0 and the maximum value is 50. The data set consists of 25 points of data. The leftmost and lowest data point is at x = 0 and y = 12. The rightmost data point is at x = 14 and y = 50.
546: This chart is the same chart as before with an additional exponential trend curve drawn. The curve starts on the y axis at y = 11.5 and goes through the point x = 10 and y = 30.
547: This chart has one plot of data that starts in the upper left and trends toward the lower right at a decreasing rate of descent. The x-axis is time and has 11 major tick marks from 5 to 55, in steps of 5. The minimum value is 0 and the maximum value is 60. The y-axis is temperature and has 9 major tick marks from 10 to 90, in steps of 10. The minimum value is 0 and the maximum value is 100. The data set consists of 13 points of data. The leftmost data point is at x = 0 and y = 92. The rightmost data point is at x = 60 and y = 22.
548: This chart is the same chart as before with an exponential decay trend curve drawn. The exponential curve intersects the y axis at y = 92 and goes through the point x = 60 and y = 22.
Lesson 8
N/A
Lesson 9
N/A
Lesson 10
N/A
Unit 10 - Lesson 1
N/A
Lesson 2
549: The equation y=x is graphed in the xy-plane. The points (0, 0), (1, 1), (2, 2), and (3, 3) are highlighted.
550: This image is a rectangle with a width of 8 and a length of l.
551: The figure presents a rectangular fenced portion of his backyard.  The rectangle has a length of 30 feet measured left to right and a width of x measured top to bottom.  One side of length 30 feet is presented as a solid line labeled house.  The other three sides are presented as dashed lines.
552: This image is a rectangle with the length labeled "11 inches" The length of 11 inches is divided into seven sections. The top section is labeled "3 over 2 inches", and the bottom section is labeled "3 over 4 inches". The five middle sections are of equal size labeled "x inches".
Lesson 3
553: The equation y=x is graphed in the xy-plane. The points (0, 0), (1, 1), (2, 2), and (3, 3) are highlighted.
Lesson 4
554: The linear equation y=2x-1 is graphed in the xy-plane. The line trends upward from left to right and passes through the points (0, -1) and (1, 1).
555: A line is graphed in the xy-plane. The line trends downward from left to right and passes through the points (0, 3) and (2, 0).
556: A line in the xy-plane trends upward from left to right and passes through the points (0, -4) and (2, 2).
557: Lines l, m, and n are graphed in the xy-plane. Line l has a slope of 2 and a y-intercept of -1. Line m has a slope of 2 and a y-intercept of -4. Line n has a slope of -1/2 and a y-intercept of 1. Lines l and m are parallel. Line n is perpendicular to lines l and m.
558: A line in the xy-plane trends downward from left to right and contains the points (0, 3) and (3, 1).
559: A line in the xy-plane passes through the points (-2, -2), (0, -3), and (2, -4).
560: A line in the xy-plane passes through the points (-1, -3.5), (0, -0.5), and (1, 2.5).
561: A line in the xy-plane passes through the points (-2, 2), (0, 3), and (2, 4).
562: A line in the xy-plane passes through the points (-2, 4), (0, 3), and (2, 2).
563: This graph in the 'xy'-plane contains a pair of parallel lines.
564: This graph contains a line in the 'xy'-plane that goes through the points (-7,0) and (2,3). 
565: This graph contains a line in the 'xy'-plane that goes through the points (0, -7) and (1, -4). 
566: This graph contains a line in the 'xy'-plane that goes through the points 0 comma (7 over 3) and 2 comma (7 over 3).
567: This graph contains a line in the 'xy'-plane that goes through the points (7/3, 0) and (7/3, 2). 
568: This graph contains a line in the 'xy'-plane that goes through the points (-2, 2) and (3,0).
569: This graph contains a line in the 'xy'-plane that goes through the points (0, 3) and (2, -2).
570: This graph contains a line in the 'xy'-plane that goes through the points (-2, 2) and (0, -3). 
571: This graph contains a line in the 'xy'-plane that goes through the points (-3, 0) and (2, -2). 
572: This graph contains a line in the 'xy'-plane that goes through the points (0, 3) and (2, -2). 
573: This graph in the 'xy'-plane contains a line that goes through the points (0, -4) and (2, -4). 
574: This graph contains a line in the 'x''y'-plane with the point (3, 2) marked. The line also goes through the point (0, 4) and the point (6, 0).
575: This graph in the 'xy'-plane contains a line with equation (7 times 'x') minus (8 times 'y') = negative 24.
Lesson 5
576: Two lines are graphed in the xy-plane. One line has a slope of -0.5 and a y-intercept of 3. The other line has a slope of 1 and a y-intercept of -3. The two lines intersect at the point (4, 1).
Lesson 6
N/A
Lesson 7
577: This graph plots a line that decreases linearly, intersects the vertical F axis at F = 218, and has an F value of 152 at K = 100. The area above the line and to the right of the vertical F axis is shaded.
578: This graph plots a horizontal line at F = 400. The area above the horizontal line is shaded.
579: This graph plots two lines. The first line is a horizontal line at F = 400. The second line decreases linearly, intersects the vertical F axis at F = 218, and has an F value of 152 at K = 100. The area to the right of the vertical F axis, below the horizontal line and above the second line is shaded. The points (50, 150) and (240, 40) are plotted and lie below the first line and below second line. The point (150, 450) is plotted and lies above the first line and above the second line. The point (200, 200) lies above the second line and below the first line in the shaded area.
580: This graph plots two lines. The first line is plotted with a solid line, increases vertically, intersects the vertical P axis at P = 1282, and has a P value of 1990 at D = 200. The second line is vertical, intersects the horizontal D axis, and is plotted with a dashed line. The area to the left of the vertical dashed line, to the right of the vertical P axis, and above the horizontal D axis is shaded in lavender. The area above the first line, and to the right of the vertical P axis is shaded in blue. The two shaded areas overlap above the first line, to the right of the vertical P axis, and to the left of the vertical line creating a purple shaded area. The points (3, 1100) and (107, 1500) are plotted and lie in the lavender shaded area. The point (225, 3500) is plotted and lies in the blue shaded area. The point (94, 1800) is plotted and lies in the purple area.
581: This graph plots two dashed lines. The vertical axis is labeled Total computer sales, and the horizontal axis is labeled Total tablet sales. The first line decreases linearly, intersects the vertical c axis at c = 420, and intersects the horizontal t axis at t = 420. The second line increases vertically, intersects the horizontal t axis at t = 80, and intersects the first line at the point (250, 170).
582: This graph plots two dashed lines. The vertical axis is labeled Total computer sales, and the horizontal axis is labeled Total tablet sales. The first line decreases linearly, intersects the vertical c axis at c = 420, and intersects the horizontal t axis at t = 420. The second line increases vertically, intersects the horizontal t axis at t = 80, and intersects the first line at the point (250, 170). The point (120, 180) is plotted and lies below the first line and above the second line. The point (240, 100) is plotted and lies below the first line and below the second line. The point (240, 260) is plotted and lies above the first line and above the second line. The point (360, 180) is plotted and lies above the first line and below the second line.
583: This graph plots two lines.The first line decreases linearly, intersects the vertical  L axis just below L = 80, and intersects the horizontal S axis just before S = 45. The second line decreases linearly, intersects the vertical L axis just below L = 50, and intersects the horizontal S axis at S = 60.  The area below the first line, to the right of the vertical L axis, and above the second line forms a triangular region that is shaded in light gray. The area above the first line, below the second line, and above the horizontal S axis forms a triangular region that is shaded in light gray. The area below the first line, below the second line, to the right of the vertical L axis, and above the horizontal S axis is shaded in a darker gray. The point (12, 54) is plotted, and it lies just below the first line and above the second line. The points (40, 30) and (38, 22) are plotted, and they both lie above the first line and above the second line. The point (26, 13) is plotted and lies below both lines.
584: This graph plots two lines. The first line is plotted with a solid line, increases vertically, intersects the vertical P axis at P = 1282, and has a P value of 1990 at D = 200. The second line is vertical, intersects the horizontal D axis, and is plotted with a dashed line. The area to the left of the vertical dashed line, to the right of the vertical P axis, and above the horizontal D axis is shaded in lavender. The area above the first line, and to the right of the vertical P axis is shaded in blue. The two shaded areas overlap above the first line, to the right of the vertical P axis, and to the left of the vertical line creating a purple shaded area. The points (3, 1100) and (107, 1500) are plotted and lie in the lavender shaded area. The point (225, 3500) is plotted and lies in the blue shaded area. The point (94, 1800) is plotted and lies in the purple area.
Lesson 8:
585: Two lines are graphed in the xy plane. The one labeled y = x passes through the points (-2, -2), (0, 0), and (2, 2). The one labeled y= -x passes through the points (-2, 2), (0, 0), and (2, -2). The two lines intersect at the point (0, 0).
586: Two lines are graphed in the xy plane. One line passes through the points (-2, 5), (0, 1), and (2, -3). The other line passes through the points (-2, -4), (0, -2), and (2, 0).
587: The inequality y > x is graphed in the xy plane. The graph is a dashed line that passes through the points (-2, -2), (0, 0), and (2, 2). The area above the line is shaded.
588: A dashed line in the xy plane passes through the points (-3, -1), (0, -2), and (3, -3). The line divides the plane into two halves. The half above the line is shaded.
589: Two lines intersect in the xy-plane and divide the plane into four regions.
590: The lines y=3x-2 and y=-1/3*x+4/3 intersect at (1, 1) and divide the xy-plane into four regions. The top-right region is shaded.
591: The lines y=3x-2 and y=-1/3*x+4/3 intersect at (1, 1) and divide the xy-plane into four regions. The bottom-left region is shaded.
592: A solid line in the xy plane passes through the points (-4, 0) and (0, -2). The line divides the plane into two halves. The top half is shaded.
593: Two solid lines are graphed in the xy plane. One line passes through the points (-2, -2), (0, -0.5), and (2, 1). The other line passes through the points (0, 3), (2, 1), and (4, -1). The two lines intersect at (2, 1) and divides the plane into 4 sections. The top section is shaded.
594: Two solid lines are graphed in the xy plane. One line passes through the points (-2, -2), (0, -0.5), and (2, 1). The other line passes through the points (0, 3), (2, 1), and (4, -1). The two lines intersect at (2, 1) and divides the plane into 4 sections. The left section is shaded. 
595: Two solid lines are graphed in the xy plane. One line passes through the points (-2, -2), (0, -0.5), and (2, 1). The other line passes through the points (0, 3), (2, 1), and (4, -1). The two lines intersect at (2, 1) and divides the plane into 4 sections. The bottom section is shaded. 
596: Two solid lines are graphed in the xy plane. One line passes through the points (-2, -2), (0, -0.5), and (2, 1). The other line passes through the points (0, 3), (2, 1), and (4, -1). The two lines intersect at (2, 1) and divides the plane into 4 sections. The right section is shaded. 
597: Two solid lines are graphed in the xy plane. One line passes through the points (-2, -2), (0, -0.5), and (2, 1). The region below the line is shaded. The other line passes through the points (0, 3), (2, 1), and (4, -1). The region above the line is shaded. The two lines intersect at (2, 1) and divides the plane into 4 sections. The right section is doubly shaded.
598: The xy plane is divided into four quadrants by the x and y axes. The upper right quadrant is labeled "I". The upper left quadrant is labeled "II". The lower left quadrant is labeled "III". The lower right quadrant is labeled "IV".
599: Two solid lines are graphed in the xy plane. One line passes through the points (-3, 5) and (0, 4). The other line passes through the points (-4, -4), (0, 8). The two lines intersect at (-2, 2).
600: Two solid lines are graphed in the xy plane. One line passes through the points (-3, 5) and (0, 4). The region below the line is shaded. The other line passes through the points (-4, -4), (0, 8). The region below the line is shaded. The two lines intersect at (-2, 2) and divide the xy plane into 4 regions. The bottom region is doubly shaded.
601: The shaded region in the graph of this system of inequalities is in quadrants 2, 3, and 4.
602: Two solid lines are graphed in the xy plane. One line passes through the points (0, 1), and (2, -4). The other line passes through the points (-1, 3), and (1, 2). The two lines intersect in quadrant II.
603: Two solid lines are graphed in the xy plane. One line passes through the points (0, 1), and (2, -4). The region above the line is shaded. The other line passes through the points (-1, 3), and (1, 2). The region below the line is shaded. The two lines intersect in quadrant 2 and divides the plane into 4 sections. The bottom right section is doubly shaded.
604: The shaded region in the graph of this system of inequalities is in quadrants 1, 2, and 4.
605: Two solid lines are graphed in the xy plane. One line passes through the points (-3, -3), (0, -1), and (3, 1). The other line passes through the points (0, 7), (3, 1), and (6, -5). The two lines intersect in quadrant I.
606: Two solid lines are graphed in the xy plane. One line passes through the points (-3, -3), (0, -1), and (3, 1). The region below the line is shaded. The other line passes through the points (0, 7), (3, 1), and (6, -5). The region below the line is shaded. The two lines intersect at (3, 1) and divide the xy plane into 4 regions. The bottom region is doubly shaded.
607: The shaded region in the graph of this system of inequalities is in quadrants 1, 3, and 4.


Missed
Unit 11
608: A number line is marked from 0 to 20 at intervals of 5. The dots are distributed as follows: 5, 2 dots; 10, 1 dot; 15, 2 dots.
609: A dotplot is marked from 0 to 20 at intervals of 5 units. There is one dot stacked above each marked value.